---
filename: 21-3-may-17
content-type: release-notes
keywords: notes,quarterly,update
navigation-topic: 2021-3-release-activity
title: 21.3 release activity: Week of May 17, 2021
description: This page describes all enhancements made with the {Release Version] release to the Preview environment the week of [Release Date]. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of June 21, 2021.
hidefromtoc: true
---

# 21.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of May 17, 2021

This page describes all enhancements made with the {Release Version] release to the Preview environment the week of [Release Date]. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of June 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available at this point in the {Release Version] release cycle, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## New for administrators: Create a billing record custom form

Now you can improve how users capture billing information by creating a billing record custom form. Users can attach the custom form to a billing record, fill it out, and run reports that include the information in the form.

For information about creating custom forms, see [Create or edit a custom form](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/create-or-edit-a-custom-form.md).

For information about attaching a billing record custom form to a project, see [Add a custom form to an object](../../../workfront-basics/work-with-custom-forms/add-a-custom-form-to-an-object.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/552593932?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/552593932/b80cee516f)

## Allow external users to approve a document

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

You can now use external email addresses to assign approvers to a document in the new Workfront experience.

Previously, you could add external users by email address only in Workfront Classic.

For more information, see [Request document approvals](../../../review-and-approve-work/manage-approvals/request-document-approvals.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/552623152?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/552623152/acad14e57e)

## Export information from the Details section of a portfolio or program

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature was released to the Preview environment on May 20, 2021. It will release to the Production environment on June 3, 2021.

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

You can now export to a .pdf file information from the Details section of portfolios and programs. Prior to this enhancement, you could export information from the Details section only from projects, tasks and issues.

For information about exporting custom forms from an object, see Export custom forms and object details.

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/552598277?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/552598277/c5de0a5c63)

## Added Planned Completion Date timestamp in the object’s header

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

To facilitate easy access, convenience as well as accuracy, we have added the option to select a timestamp in the Planned Completion Date of the header of projects, tasks, or issues.

Prior to this enhancement, when you updated the Planned Completion Date of an object, Workfront selected midnight as the default time. Now, you can customize the time as well as the completion date.

For information about the object headers in the new Workfront experience, see New object headers.

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/552963773?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/552963773/42e8a756cd)

## Add a custom form to an object without editing it

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

We have made it easier to add a custom form that someone else will fill out—or that you will fill out later—to an object. The form no longer goes into editing mode automatically when you add it. You can simply save the empty form to the object.

Previously, when you added a custom form to an object, the page went into editing mode and you had to complete any required fields on the form before you could save it to the object. This was inconvenient when the form was meant for another user to fill out, or when you did not know yet what to put in a required field on the form.

For information about adding a custom form to an object, see [Add a custom form to an object](../../../workfront-basics/work-with-custom-forms/add-a-custom-form-to-an-object.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/552596293?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/552596293/0aa3718e83)

## Users added to a proof automatically granted View access on a document

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature was released to the Preview environment on May 20, 2021. It will release to the Production environment on June 17, 2021.

Users with Reviewer or Read-only selected as their proof role are automatically granted View access on the document if they had none previously.

Previously, users with the proof roles mentioned above had to request access to documents when they were added to the proof.

## Event subscription filters

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature was released to the Preview environment on May 20, 2021. It will release to the Production environment on June 3, 2021.

Event subscription filters are now enabled in preview environments. Event subscription filtering can be used to ensure that you receive only relevant messages. Creating filters for your subscriptions may significantly decrease the number of messages that your endpoint needs to consume.

To learn more about event subscriptions see [Event Subscription API](../../../wf-api/general/event-subs-api.md) and [FAQs - Event Subscriptions](../../../wf-api/general/event-subs-faq.md).
