---
title: 21.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of May 31, 2021
description: 21.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of May 31, 2021
draft: Probably
---
# 21.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of May 31, 2021

This page describes all enhancements made with the [Release Version] release to the Preview environment the week of [Release Date]. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of June 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available at this point in the [Release Version] release cycle, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## Blueprints available in Production with the 21.3 release

The blueprints functionality will be generally available with the 21.3 Production release the week of June 21, 2021.

Blueprints provides basic building blocks to help you create a work management system that grows with you. System administrators can browse the blueprints catalog and install ready-to-use project templates.

For more information, see Blueprints overview.

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/566685401?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/566685401/de35d1c699)

This feature is now included in the [Project templates in the new Workfront experience](https://one.workfront.com/s/learningpath4/project-templates-in-the-new-workfront-experience-MCGLS7GRNLDZDFPF6AEOGIDZFDG4) learning path on Workfront One.

## New for group administrators: Create and manage statuses for a group at any level

To make it easier for all levels of an organization to manage and control their workflows independently, we’ve introduced the ability to create and manage statuses for subgroups. Now, from the Groups section in Setup, you can do the following for groups you administer on any level:

* Create, edit, delete, and hide a status for a group
* Lock a status for any group so that all lower subgroups below it can use it in the same way
* Unlock a status for any group so that administrators of lower subgroups can customize it to meet their unique needs
* Set a group status as a default status
* Reorder and hide the display of group statuses on objects

Workfront administrators can also do these things (for all groups).

Previously, this functionality was available only for top-level groups.

For more information, see [Manage group statuses](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/manage-group-statuses/manage-group-statuses.md).

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/558294261?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/558294261/ed2ee01b99)

## Associate a template with a group

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

To help you streamline the project creation process —and to help you more easily identify and report on which groups own which project templates—we’ve added the ability to assign a group to a project template.

When you assign a group to a project template, all projects created from the template are automatically associated with the template's group. For more information, see [Edit project templates](../../../manage-work/projects/create-and-manage-templates/edit-templates.md).

Also, you can attach a group approval process to a template and its template tasks if the template is associated with your group. For more information, see [Associate a new or existing approval process with work](../../../review-and-approve-work/manage-approvals/associate-approval-with-work.md).

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/558295130?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/558295130/1eca3f7378)

## Easier editing of fields in the Details section

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

The following improvements allow you to more easily edit information in the Details section of any object:

* A gray outline around a field when hovering over it indicates that it is editable.
* You can edit fields by clicking them once.

Prior to this enhancement it was not clear which fields were editable and you had to double-click to edit a field.

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/558564446?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/558564446/3c2245362f)

## Find requests by recent paths or by searching using a keyword

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

To help you find the right request queue faster by referring to recently logged requests, we have introduced the following improvements to finding a recently used queue:

* A list of the recent paths for which you have entered requests
* The ability to search for a request type by any keyword included in a path.

A path includes the request queue and all the topic groups and queue topics that you have selected before when submitting a request.

For more information, see [Create and submit Adobe Workfront requests](create-submit-requests.md).

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/558570896?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/558570896/d931cdef2c)

This feature is now included in the [Collaborator fundamentals for the new Workfront experience](https://one.workfront.com/s/learningpath1/collaborator-fundamentals-for-the-new-workfront-experience-MCY5AMOQQTGFDVZB4ODS6TXCYE2A) learning path on Workfront One.

## Consider cross-project predecessors when calculating handoff dates

With a new improvement in the way Adobe Workfront calculates handoff dates for tasks, the cross-project dependencies are now taken into account.

Previously, the handoff dates were calculated based only on the predecessors of the task from the same project.

Now, to ensure you always have an accurate handoff date for a task with a cross-project predecessor, you must recalculate the timeline of the successor task's project. After recalculating the timeline, the handoff dates of the task calculates taking into account the cross-project dependencies of the tasks.

For more information about handoff dates, see [Task Handoff Date overview](../../../manage-work/tasks/task-information/handoff-task-date.md).

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/559081014?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/559081014/62ba0a3fcb)

## Add existing stories and issues from the Scrum board

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

You can now add an existing story or issue directly from the Scrum board. This makes it easier to add existing stories to your current iteration without having to go to the backlog page.

For more information, see Add stories and issues from the Scrum board.

## Add new stories and issues from the Scrum board

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

You can now create a new story or issue directly from the Scrum board. This makes it easier to quickly add a new story to your current iteration.

For more information, see Add stories and issues from the Scrum board.

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/558298576?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/558298576/02a56bff72)

## Delete story or issue from the Kanban board

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

You can now delete a story or issue directly from your Kanban board by clicking the More icon on a story or issue card and selecting Delete. When you delete a story or issue, it is moved to the Recycle Bin for 30 days and can be recovered only by the system administrator.

For more information, see Delete stories or issues from the Kanban board.

## Agile card header and story board updates

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

On Kanban and Scrum boards, the following enhancements are now available:

* The story cards and board columns have a fixed width, so that the card sizes will not change if you adjust the browser window size.
* The Stories column has been renamed to Parent Story.
* Each card has a label at the top to identify it as a parent story, subtask (associated with a parent story), story (not associated with a parent), or issue.
* Background shading visually separates the columns.

For more information, see [Iterations overview](../../../agile/use-scrum-in-an-agile-team/iterations/iterations-overview.md).

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/558299624?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/558299624/9af1e4fdd9)

## Group project, task, and issue preferences

As we communicated earlier, we rolled out group-level customizations for project, task, and issue preferences in phases leading up to June 24, 2021. Now the rollout is complete and they are available in Production for all customers.

For more information, see the following articles:

* [Configure project preferences for a group](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-groups/configure-project-preferences-group.md) 
* [Configure task and issue preferences for a group](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-groups/configure-task-issue-preferences-group.md)

## Home area redesign for mobile app

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature will be generally available in the Apple App Store and Google Play Store with the 21.3 Production release the week of June 21, 2021.

The following enhancements have been added to the home area in the Adobe Workfront mobile app:

* Redesigned work item widgets and a larger search box help you find what you need quickly.
* The navigation bar for home, virtual assistant, quick task, notifications, and user profile now "floats" over the home area for easy access.
* The My Work menu scrolls horizontally and shows these items: Projects, Tasks & Issues, Requests, Approvals, and Timesheets. Up to three cards for the selected item are displayed below the menu.

The following articles will be updated when the app is released to the app stores:

* [Adobe Workfront for iOS](../../../workfront-basics/mobile-apps/using-the-workfront-mobile-app/workfront-for-ios.md) 
* [Adobe Workfront for Android](../../../workfront-basics/mobile-apps/using-the-workfront-mobile-app/workfront-for-android.md)

## Remove ability to create a new document or proof version in a linked folder

We removed the ability to create a new version of a document or proof within a linked folder. You can still create a new version of a linked document or proof if they are outside of a linked folder.

Previously, this option still displayed for documents and proofs in linked folders, but users were unable to create a new version of a document.
