---
title: Fourth Quarter 2023 release activity week of September 11, 2023
description: Fourth Quarter 2023 release activity week of September 11, 2023
author: Lisa
draft: Probably
feature: Product Announcements
---
# Fourth Quarter 2023 release activity week of September 11, 2023

This page describes all enhancements made with the Fourth Quarter 2023 release to the Preview environment the week of September 11, 2023. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment with the Fourth Quarter 2023 release.

For a list of all changes available at this point in the Fourth Quarter 2023 release cycle, see [Fourth Quarter 2023 release overview](/help/quicksilver/product-announcements/product-releases/23-q4-release-activity/23-q4-release-overview.md).

## Add value options from an external API to a custom form

A new field type, **External lookup**, is now available on the custom form designer. When you have data stored on an external system, this field type allows you to load options from an external API and filter based on other field values in the custom form.

When the form is added to an object, the values returned from the API appear in a dropdown field and the user can select one.

>[!NOTE]
>
>The new **External lookup** field type is not available on the legacy form builder.

For more information, see [Design a form with the form designer](/help/quicksilver/administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/form-designer/design-a-form/design-a-form.md).

## New quick access buttons for the My Work widget

Further expanding  your ability to manage work directly from New Home, new quick access buttons have been added to the My Work widget. Found on each task, issue, or request in the My Work widget, these new buttons allow you to quickly open the summary pane, upload files, add custom forms, create an update, and log time without leaving your New Home page.

For more information on the widget capabilities in New Home, see [Get started with New Home](/help/quicksilver/workfront-basics/using-home/new-home/get-started-with-new-home.md).
