---
filename: 2020.1-release-overview
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: product-releases
title: 2020.1 release overview
description: The 2020.1 release was made available in the Production environment the week of . This page provides information about the functionality included in the 2020.1 release.
---

# 2020.1 release overview

<!--
The 2020.1 release was made available in the Production environment the week of . This page provides information about the functionality included in the 2020.1 release.
-->

This page provides information about the functionality included in the 2020.1 release.

<!--
As the 2020.1 release nears its planned Production release, this page will be updated with all functionality included with 2020.1.
-->

These enhancements are currently available in the Preview environment and will be made available in the Production environment the week of March 30, 2020. For specific release dates and times for each cluster, see the [Workfront Trust Site](https://trust.workfront.com/).

To download this page in PDF format, go here.

Some functionality was released prior to the 2020.1 release. To see what was released prior to the 2020.1 release, see [Other Workfront Classic features released to Production prior to the 2020.1 release](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.1-release-activity/prior-to-2020.1.md).

## Enhancements for administrators

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Limit users' ability to edit Filter, View, and Grouping controls on lists and reportsLimit users' ability to edit Filter, View, and Grouping controls on lists and reports Now you can use an access level to limit the ability that users have to edit the Filter, View, and Grouping controls on lists and reports. This is useful if you have custom fields that you want visible only to users at a certain access level. Beta Preview release: January 17, 2020 Production release: With the 2020.1 release 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## Enhancements for all users

* [List enhancements](#list) 
* [Resource Management enhancements](#resource) 
* [Project enhancements](#project) 
* [Proofing enhancements](#proofing) 
* [Mobile enhancements](#mobile) 
* [Other enhancements](#other)

### List enhancements

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> New saving mode when making changes in a task list: the Timeline Planning modeNew saving mode when making changes in a task list: the Timeline Planning mode Depending on the size and complexity of your project, updating the task list, especially dates and durations, can take longer than desired. To make edits much faster, we have introduced a new saving option when editing tasks in a list called Timeline Planning mode. Prior to this mode, you could save the changes you made to your task lists either automatically with Autosave, or manually, when disabling the Autosave move. Beta Preview release: March 14, 2020 Production release: With the 2020.1 release Improved navigation of all new lists with clear grouping differentiationImproved navigation of all new lists with clear grouping differentiation You can now see more clearly the differentiation between several layers of groupings in lists with a new color scheme. The grouping results are also outlined more clearly in a separate frame. This change has been applied to all the new lists. Beta Preview release: February 27, 2020 Production release: With the 2020.1 release Highlight matching items in lists when using the quick filtersHighlight matching items in lists when using the quick filters Finding items in lists is now faster: when you search for an item using quick filters the matching fields are highlighted in yellow in the results so you can clearly see what field value matches your keyword. The fields are highlighted in yellow in standalone fields, as well as shared columns and complex fields. Some examples of complex fields are Assignments, Assignments and Status, Percent Complete, Predecessors, Approvers and Status, Resource Managers, Categories, Condition, Condition Update etc. Beta Preview release: February 27, 2020 Production release: With the 2020.1 release New option for indicating how to display grouping results in lists New option for indicating how to display grouping results in listsRemoved from release To give you more control over how you display your list results, you can now indicate whether you want the results in the grouping to be expanded or collapsed by default when displaying the list or report. This option is available within the grouping builder in a list or report. Beta Preview release: January 17, 2020 Production release: N/A Display column headers of lists and reports in sentence caseDisplay column headers of lists and reports in sentence case In a previous release, we made a change that displayed all column headers in all capital letters when viewing a list or report. Based on the feedback we have received, we are now reverting this change. With this change, all column headers now display in sentence case. Beta Preview release: January 17, 2020 Production release: With the 2020.1 release New More menu in the Updates areaNew More menu in the Updates area Use the More menu on an update to copy the body text of an update, copy the direct link to an update, or delete the update. Beta Preview release: January 8, 2020 Production release: January 8, 2020 New progress bar in the Updates areaNew progress bar in the Updates area The percent complete progress bar in the updates area has a new look. Click and drag to update the percent, or double-click to manually input the number. Beta Preview release: January 8, 2020 Production release: January 8, 2020 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Updated look and feel of new listsUpdated look and feel of new lists<span style="color: #ff0000;">(Some list updates were removed from the release)</span> </p> <p>Projects, Tasks, and Hours lists now have an updated look and feel. </p> <p>When these features were originally released to Preview, they were available for all reports and lists except the lists in the Setup and Reports areas. These features are now available only for Projects, Tasks, and Hours lists.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;December 20, 2019</p> <p>Planned Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.1 release</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Resource Management enhancements

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Show daily Planned Hours for tasks, and inaccessible items in the Unassigned Work area of the Workload BalancerShow daily Planned Hours for projects, tasks, and inaccessible items in the Unassigned Work area of the Workload Balancer </p> <p>To help you understand how individual projects, tasks, or inaccessible items will affect the workload of your users, the "Show allocations" setting is now managing what information displays in the Unassigned Work area of the Workload Balancer. </p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;March 14, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;TBD (This feature will be available in the Production environment sometime after the 2020.1 release.)</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Show daily Planned Hours for projects, tasks, and inaccessible items in the Assigned Work area of the Workload BalancerShow daily Planned Hours for projects, tasks, and inaccessible items in the Assigned Work area of the Workload Balancer </p> <p>To help you understand how individual projects, tasks, or inaccessible items contribute to the workload of your users and to be able to make correct reassignment decisions in the Workload Balancer, we have introduced a setting that allows you to view the hourly distribution for individual projects, tasks and inaccessible items.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;February 27, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.1 release</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Adjust timeline duration in the Workload BalancerAdjust timeline duration in the Workload Balancer </p> <p>You now have the flexibility to select how many weeks you display in the Workload Balancer: you can select from 2, 4, or 6 weeks. Previously, the number of weeks was set to 4 by default.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;February 27, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.1 release</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Improved navigation in the Workload BalancerImproved navigation in the Workload Balancer </p> <p>Now, you can navigate back and forth in the Workload Balancer one time period at a time. Prior to this enhancement when you clicked the back and forward icons, the timeframe shifted by four time periods at a time.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;January 31, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.1 release</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>The Display Actual Hours setting removed from the Resource PlannerThe Display Actual Hours setting removed from the Resource Planner </p> <p>To make displaying Actual Hours in the Resource Planner easier, we have removed the Display Actual Hours setting from the Resource Planner. </p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;January 17, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.1 release</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Project enhancements

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> More easily see who is tagged in an updateMore easily see who is tagged in an update It’s now easier to see which users are tagged in an update. Tagged users name’s display in blue and link to the user profile. Tagged users are also listed under the comment box. Beta Preview release: March 14, 2020 Production release: March 26, 2020 Include and identify quoted text in an update comment or replyInclude and identify quoted text in an update comment or reply As you type a comment, you can mark part of your comment as quoted text in order to distinguish it from your own comment. Use the Block Quote button in the HTML editor. Beta Preview release: February 27, 2020 Production release: March 26, 2020 Quote a previous comment in an update comment or replyQuote a previous comment in an update comment or reply When you comment in an update thread, you can quickly include text from a previous comment in the thread. Look for the Quote Reply option in the More menu next to the comment you want to quote. Beta Preview release: March 14, 2020 Production release: March 26, 2020 Additional risks information Additional risks information To help you better understand the risks of your projects, you can now see who and when a risk was entered and when it was updated on a project. You can access this information in a risk view and through the public Workfront API. These fields will be available with API version 11, which releases with the 2020.1 Production. Beta Preview release: February 14, 2020 Production release: With the 2020.1 release 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Additional fields added to Baselines and Baseline TasksAdditional fields added to Baselines and Baseline Tasks </p> <p>To help you better understand the financial progress of your projects, you can now include additional cost and revenue information in a Baseline or a Baseline Task report. The additional financial information is not added to the baselines that you have currently saved, but it is added for new baselines.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;January 31, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.1 release</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Issues in “Closed-Pending Approval” status are considered incompleteIssues in “Closed-Pending Approval” status are considered incomplete </p> <p>The way Workfront handles issues in a “Complete-Pending Approval” status has been changed. Now, these issues are perceived as Open, and the project cannot be marked as Complete until the approval is resolved. </p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;December 6, 2019</p> <p>Planned Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.1 release</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Proofing enhancements

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Updates to the measurement tool in the proofing viewerUpdates to the measurement tool in the proofing viewer </p> <p>To help meet the needs of users in compliance and regulated industries where strict guidelines apply, various improvements are now available in the proofing viewer related to the measurement tool.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;March 6, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.1 release</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Improved setting labels in Automated Workflow areasImproved setting labels in Automated Workflow areas </p> <p>Now, when you are setting stage deadline and activation settings for an Automated Workflow, the labels in the user interface are easier to understand.</p> <p>Also, names for the stage settings are now consistent from one Automated Workflow activity to another.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;January 17, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.1 release</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Add a timezone to an Automated Workflow templateAdd a timezone to an Automated Workflow template </p> <p>Now, when you are creating or modifying an Automated Workflow template for your users' proofs, you can specify the timezone of the users who will be creating or working on the proof.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;December 6, 2019</p> <p>Planned Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.1 release</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.1-release-activity/2020.1-proofing-enhancements.md#document" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Document icon removed from the Proofing viewer</a> </p> <p>We removed the document icon inline with the proof name in the proofing viewer. This icon used to take you to the document details.</p> <p>Now, you can click the name of the proof to go to the document details page.</p> <p>This icon was removed because of a change in the new Workfront experience: link to breadcrumbs release note.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;January 30, 2020</p> <p>Planned Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.1 release</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Mobile enhancements

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.1-release-activity/2020.1-mobile-enhancements.md#seamless" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Seamless experience between the mobile app and web</a> </p> <p>To make your experience more consistent when using Workfront on both the mobile app and the web, any customization of the left panel secondary navigation in the new or existing layout templates is automatically reflected in the mobile app.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;N/A</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.1 release</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.1-release-activity/2020.1-mobile-enhancements.md#like" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Like updates on the mobile app</a> </p> <p>Use the new Like button on the Updates tab to like a update</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;N/A</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.1 release</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Other enhancements

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Change required for adding proofs to the allowlistChange required for whitelisting proofs The proofing domain is changing from proofhq.com to workfront.com. Beta Preview release: March 10, 2020 Production release: With the 2020.1 release (Removed from release) The Flash Portfolio Optimizer has been removedThe Flash Portfolio Optimizer has been removed We have removed the ability to switch between the new and the legacy (based on FlashFlash-based) Portfolio Optimizer from the Workfront Classic environment for all customers. The Legacy Portfolio Optimizer is a deprecated feature and the new tools provide the same functionality today. Beta Preview release: February 27, 2020 Production release: With the 2020.1 release 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Workfront cookie behavior updated to maintain compatibility with ChromeWorkfront cookie behavior updated to maintain compatibility with Chrome </p> <p>To maintain compatibility with an upcoming Google Chrome update (Chrome v80), we've updated the Workfront platform to ensure that cookies are appropriately sent with requests. </p> <p>This Chrome update changes the default value of the SameSite cookie attribute. If you want to test how your Workfront instance will behave after the Google Chrome update, adjust the flags in Chrome and enable the following options: </p> 
    <ul> 
     <li>"SameSite by default cookies" </li> 
     <li>"Cookies without SameSite must be secure"</li> 
    </ul> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;January 29, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;January 30, 2020</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Workfront comments sync to JiraWorkfront comments sync to Jira </p> <p>The Workfront for Jira integration now syncs your Workfront comments to Jira's native comment stream.</p> <p>For more information, see <a href="../../../workfront-integrations-and-apps/use-workfront-with-jira/configure-workfront-for-jira.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Configure Adobe Workfront for Jira</a>.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;December 20, 2019</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;December 20, 2019</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## API&nbsp;enhancements

API&nbsp;version 11 released with the 2020.1 release. For information about what's new and updated, see What's new in API version 11What's new in API version 11.

For more information about API versions, see API versioning and support scheduleAPI Version Release and Support Schedule.

## Functionality no longer supported

### Legacy Working On calendar no longer supported after the 2020.1 release

The legacy Working On calendar will no longer be supported with the 2020.1 release and will be removed as part of the 2020.2 release. For more information about the legacy calendar, see Using the Legacy Working On Calendar for Teams.

After the 2020.2 release, teams using the legacy Working On Calendar will be automatically switched to the resource scheduling tools on the Scheduling tab in the Teams area.

The resource scheduling tools have the same functionality as the legacy Working On calendar but include additional features and enhancements. For more information, see the Resource SchedulingResource Scheduling Overview.

## Workfront Maintenance Updates

For information about the maintenance updates made during the 2020.1 release, see Workfront Maintenance Updates.

## Announcements

* [Adding additional domains to the allowlist required for accessing Workfront](#whitelis) 
* [Workfront One](#workfron2) 
* [2020.1 Release Webinar](#2020.1) 
* [Q1 Product Roadmap Webinar](#q1) 
* [Various Single Sign-On options to be removed](#various) 
* [TLS 1.0 and 1.1 support Is ending](#tls) 
* [Flash application removal](#flash)

### Adding additional domains to the allowlist required for accessing `Workfront`

If your organization uses a firewall, you must add the following additional domains to your allowlist in order to ensure uninterrupted access to Workfront:

* event.split.io
* sdk.split.io

For more information, see [Configure your firewall's allowlist](../../../administration-and-setup/get-started-wf-administration/configure-your-firewall.md).

### Workfront One

With Workfront One, you’ll discover the most important content, resources, and news from Workfront —all in one place, with one login. We’ve unified the Experience, Community, and Training sites making it easier to find what you’re looking for.

[Learn more about Workfront One](https://www.workfront.com/campaigns/workfront-one).

### 2020.1 Release Webinar

View the 2020.1 release webinar recording here .

### Q1 Product Roadmap Webinar

Learn more about what’s to come during the [Q1 Roadmap webinar](https://webinars.on24.com/workfront/product_roadmap032620?partnerref=announcementcenter). This webinar will be held on March 26, 2020 at 9:00a.m. MT. Click the link to register

<!--
and watch the recording on demand
-->

.

### Various Single Sign-On options to be removed

The following Single Sign-On (SSO) options are now supported only in a limited capacity; they will be removed from the product in the second half of 2019:

* LDAP

  For more information about using LDAP with Workfront, see Configure Adobe Workfront with LDAP [Configuring Workfront with LDAP](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Configuring-Workfront-with-LDAP-1449733049).

* Active Directory

  For more information about using Active Directory with Workfront, see Configure Adobe Workfront with Active Directory [Configuring Workfront with Active Directory](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Configuring-Workfront-with-Active-Directory-899157379).

* SAML 1.1

  For more information about using SAML 1.1 with Workfront, see Configure Adobe Workfront with SAML 1.1 [Configuring Workfront with SAML 1.1](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Configuring-Workfront-with-SAML-1-1-1062120191).

Following is the removal timeline for these SSO options:

* Limited support: August 2018 - January 2019

  Major issues submitted during this time will be fixed; low severity issues will not be addressed.

* Deprecation: January 2019 - November 2019 (with the 2019.4 release)

  Not supported.

* No longer available in Workfront for new configurations: November 2019
* Required migration for existing customers:&nbsp;Early 2020

### TLS 1.0 and 1.1 support Is ending

In order to provide optimal security, Workfront is requiring that all integrations and web traffic using TLS 1.1 or earlier be upgraded to use TLS 1.2. In the Preview environment, TLS&nbsp;1.0 is already disabled.

For more information, see TLS 1.2 to be required in Adobe Workfront [TLS 1.2 to be required in Workfront](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/TLS-1-2-to-be-required-in-Workfront-1474533813).

### Flash application removal

All functionality that relies on Flash technology has been removed from Workfront since the 2018.3 release and replaced with a new solution.

For detailed information about the legacy Flash tools and their replacements, see Replacement of Flash-based tools in Adobe Workfront

<!--
Replacement of Flash-based tools in Workfront
-->

.
