---
title: 22.4 release activity week of September 5, 2022
description: 22.4 release activity Week of September 5, 2022
author: Luke
draft: Probably
feature: Product Announcements
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
---

# 22.4 release activity: Week of September 5, 2022

This page describes all enhancements made with the 22.4 release to the Preview environment the week of September 5, 2022. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment later this year.

For a list of all changes available at this point in the 22.4 release cycle, see [22.4 Release overview](/help/quicksilver/product-announcements/product-releases/22.4-release-activity/22-4-release-overview.md).

## Predecessor details now available

To view the details of a task's predecessors, you can now hover over the predecessor number in the Predecessors column. The details box displays the predecessor task and project being referenced, planned start and end dates for the predecessor task, and the predecessor task's number of predecessors and successors. You can expand the project details to see more information about the project. Additional information is included for cross-project predecessors.

For more information, see [Create a predecessor relationship on the task list](/help/quicksilver/manage-work/tasks/use-prdcssrs/create-predecessors-on-task-list.md).

## Issue header customization

As a Workfront or group administrator, you can now customize the fields that display in the header of an issue when you use a Layout Template.

This update includes the following enhancements:

* Remove or rearrange existing fields from the issue header.

* Add new, non-editable Issue Overview fields. You cannot add custom fields or fields that can be edited. You can also display editable fields that are currently on the issue header (for example, Status or Percent Complete).

* The issue header can include up to five fields.

Prior to this release, only project and task headers could be customized.

For more information, see [Customize object headers using a layout template](/help/quicksilver/administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/use-layout-templates/customize-object-headers.md).

## Intake column available on boards

NOTE: This feature is available only through the early feature opt-in for Workfront Boards.

You can now add an intake column to a board. This column automatically pulls in tasks and issues to the board as they are added in Workfront, based on filters that you define.

The intake column can serve as a backlog column for a Kanban team, an intake location for a support team to see issues as they are added to a request queue, or any other purpose you need.

Only one intake column is permitted on a board.

For more information, see [Add an intake column to a board](/help/quicksilver/agile/use-boards-agile-planning-tools/add-intake-column-to-board.md)

## Updated filter panel in boards

NOTE: This feature is available only through the early feature opt-in for Workfront Boards.

The filter and search icons on a board have been moved to the left of the screen. When you click the filter icon, a panel opens on the left to display all of the filter options. Previously, the filters were displayed in a drop-down on the right side of the board.

For more information, see [Filter and search in a board](/help/quicksilver/agile/get-started-with-boards/filter-search-in-board.md).

## Use groups on a board to create swimlanes

NOTE: This feature is currently unavailable. This page will be updated when the feature is available in Preview.

You can now group cards on a board by assignee or by tag. When you select an option to group by, the cards appear in a swimlane format. Unassigned cards or cards without tags appear in their own swimlane.

You can also define what happens when a card is moved from one group to another. The assignee or tag in the group the card is moved to can be added to the existing assignees/tags, or override the other assignees/tags on the card.

Any cards in the intake column are not included in a group.

## Show all users with a selected job role in the Workload Balancer when assigning work in bulk

To make it easier to find the right person when replacing job roles with users in the Workload Balancer in bulk, we have improved the way the list of available users populates. Now, you can view all users in the system that can fulfil the selected role in two separate areas in the same list of users:

* The first area (Suggested Assignments) displays users identified by the Smart Assignments logic. For more information, see [Smart assignments overview](/help/quicksilver/manage-work/tasks/assign-tasks/smart-assignments.md).

* The second area (Other Assignments) displays all users that can fulfil the selected role.

Prior to this enhancement, you could view only the list of users available for assigning according to the Smart Assignments logic.

For information about assigning work in bulk using the Workload Balancer, see [Assign work in bulk using the Workload Balancer](/help/quicksilver/resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/assign-work-in-workload-balancer-in-bulk.md).

## Show all users for the Workload Balancer of a project

To allow you to have visibility into all users in the system and their capacity without leaving the Workload Balancer of a project, we have added a "Show all users" option. When enabled, the project's Workload Balancer displays all the users in the system in the Assigned Work area. With this enhancement, you can easily identify who needs to be assigned to work listed in the Unassigned Work area. 

For more information, see [Assign work in the Workload Balancer by dragging and dropping](/help/quicksilver/resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/assign-work-in-workload-balancer-by-drag-and-drop.md).

