---
filename: 21.4-jun-28
content-type: release-notes
keywords: notes,quarterly,update
navigation-topic: 2021-4-release-activity
title: 21.4 release activity: Week of June 28, 2021
description: This page describes all enhancements made with the 21.4 release to the Preview environment the week of June 28, 2021. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment later this year the week of October 4, 2021 .
---

# 21.4 release activity:&nbsp;Week of June 28, 2021

This page describes all enhancements made with the *21.4* release to the Preview environment the week of *June 28, 2021*. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment later this year

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
the week of October 4, 2021
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

`<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">  the week of October 4, 2021 </MadCap:conditionalText>`.

For a list of all changes available at this point in the *21.4* release cycle, see [22.2 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.2-release-activity/22-2-release-overview.md).

## New for Workfront administrators: Migrate layout templates from Workfront Classic to the new Workfront experience on your own

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature was released to the Preview environment on July 1, 2021. It will release to the Production environment on July 15, 2021.

To help you manage layout templates while your users switch to using the new Workfront experience, we have created a button you can use to migrate layout templates from Workfront Classic to the new experience without relying on Workfront Customer Support.

Previously, only Workfront Customer Support could migrate your layout templates from Workfront Classic to the new Workfront experience.

For more information, see [Migrate your layout templates to the new Adobe Workfront experience](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/use-layout-templates/migrate-layout-templates-to-nwe.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/574937296?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/574937296/eb4fa79f0c)

## When associating a template with a group, select a group approval process in Queue Details and Queue Topics

We have added a new option to the process of associating a template with a group. Now you can select group-specific approval processes for issues in the template’s Queue Details or in one of its Queue Topics.

In 21.3, when we added the ability to associate a group template with a group, you could select a group-specific approval process in the template, but you couldn’t do so in the template’s Queue Details or Queue Topics.

For more information, see [Associate a new or existing approval process with work](../../../review-and-approve-work/manage-approvals/associate-approval-with-work.md).
