---
filename: 2019.4-other-enhancements
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: 2019-4-release-activity
---




# 2019.4 other enhancements {#other-enhancements}

This page describes various enhancements made with the 2019.4 release. It will be made available in the Production environment the week of November 11, 2019.


For a list of all changes made in 2019.4, see [2019.4 release overview](2019.4-release-activity-overview.md).

<table style="width: 100%;"> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <h3><a name="Start"></a>Start an automated proofing workflow from an Adobe CC document</h3> <p>Without leaving Adobe CC, you can start an automated proofing workflow for an Adobe CC document you have created. For more information, see the section <a href="use-wf-adobe-cc.md#generate" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Generate a proof from an Adobe application</a> in the article <a href="use-wf-adobe-cc.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Use Workfront for Adobe Creative Cloud</a>.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <h3><a name="Prevent"></a>Prevent duplicate email addresses</h3> <p>You can no longer use the same email address when creating multiple users in Workfront, even if those email addresses vary by case. For example, you cannot create one user with the email address of JohnDoe@example.com and another user with the email address of johndoe@example.com. </p> <p>Prior to this change, creating users with matching email addresses that differed only by case was supported. </p> <p>Note: Existing users with matching email addresses that differ only by case will be required to be updated at a future date. If you have users in a Workfront instance with matching email addresses that differ only by case, Workfront will contact you with additional information and a timeline when these need to be updated.</p> <p>For more information, see the following articles:</p> 
    <ul> 
     <li value="1">&nbsp;</li> 
     <li value="2"><a href="get-started-enhanced-authentication.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Get started with the Enhanced Authentication experience</a>.</li> 
    </ul> <p><iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/371505632?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe> </p> <p><a href="https://vimeo.com/371505632/2e6938ce06" target="_blank">View this video in full-screen mode.</a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> 
    <div> 
     <h3><a name="Addition"></a>Additional object types available for Typeahead fields in a custom form</h3> 
     <p>Now, when you are creating a Typeahead custom field, you can associate the following object types with the field: User, Company, Group, Job Role, Portfolio, Program, Project, and Template.</p> 
     <p>Previously, you could associate only the User object type with a Typeahead custom field.</p> 
     <p>For more information, see the section <a href="create-a-custom-form.md#create" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Create and add a new field</a> in the article <a href="create-a-custom-form.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Create a Custom Form</a>.</p> 
     <p><iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/356667806?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe> </p> 
     <p><a href="https://vimeo.com/356667806/bc273fcd89" target="_blank">View this video in full-screen mode.</a> </p> 
    </div> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <h3><a name="Filename"></a>Filename of latest version of a document displayed</h3> <p>Now, when you upload a document version with a different filename than that of the existing version, the new filename displays in Workfront.</p> <p>Previously, when you added a new version with a different filename, the filename of the previous version continued to display in Workfront.</p> <p>For more information, see <a href="upload-new-document-version.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Upload a new version of a document</a>.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <h3><a name="Add2"></a>Add a filter to a Typeahead field in a custom form</h3> <p>Now, when you add a Typeahead field to a custom form, you can add a filter to limit the objects that are available when someone uses the field. For example, you could limit the field so that the user can select only members of the Marketing and Sales teams in your organization.</p> <p>For more information, see the section Create and add a new field in the article Creating Custom Forms.</p> <p><iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/364110112?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe> </p> <p><a href="https://vimeo.com/364110112/4972767789" target="_blank">View this video in full-screen mode.</a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> 
    <div> 
     <h3><a name="Change"></a>Change the display type of a field in a custom form</h3> 
     <p>Now you can change the display type of a field in a custom form.</p> 
     <p>For example, if you have created a Checkboxes field, you can change it to a Dropdown field or a Radio Buttons field. These three field display types are interchangeable.</p> 
     <p>Or, if you have created a Single Line Text Field, you can change it to a Paragraph Text field. These two field display types are interchangeable.</p> 
     <p>Previously, to change the display type of a custom field, you had to create a new field and delete the old one. This required transferring data, which was often time consuming.</p> 
     <p>For more information, see <a href="create-a-custom-form.md#create" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Create and add a new field</a> in the article <a href="create-a-custom-form.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Create a Custom Form</a></p> 
     <p><iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/352814469?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe> </p> 
     <p><a href="https://vimeo.com/352814469/e267c80c31" target="_blank">View this video in full-screen mode.</a> </p> 
    </div> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> 
    <div> 
     <h3><a name="Create"></a>Create time off calendars and reports</h3> 
     <p>You can now see user’s time off for better planning and execution. You can also add new time off reports and calendars to your dashboards for a real-time view of user availability.</p> 
     <p><iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/352816307?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe> </p> 
     <p><a href="https://vimeo.com/352816307/c9988ec54c" target="_blank">View this video in full-screen mode.</a> </p> 
    </div> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

