---
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: product-releases-archive
title: 2018.1 Beta 3 release activity
description: This page describes all changes most recently available in the Preview environment with the 2018.1 Beta 3 release. The functionality was made available in the Preview environment on January 7, 2018. It will be made available in the Production environment in early 2018.
author: Luke
feature: Product Announcements
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
exl-id: 26bbc4a0-e5ed-4b5f-bfc2-f888362c1d22
---
# 2018.1 Beta 3 release activity

This page describes all changes most recently available in the Preview environment with the 2018.1 Beta 3 release. The functionality was made available in the Preview environment on January 7, 2018. It will be made available in&nbsp;the Production environment in early 2018.

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>&nbsp;Functionality described on this page is subject to change prior to availability in the Production environment.

For a list of all changes made in 2018.1, see&nbsp; [2018.1 release activity overview](../../../../product-announcements/product-releases/quarterly-release-archive/2018.1-release-activity/2018.1-release-activity-overview.md).

The 2018.1 Beta 3 release contains enhancements for both Workfront administrators and other users:

**For Administrators**

* [group administrator Improvements](#group-administrator-improvements)

**For All Users**

* [HTML5 proofing viewer Improvements](#html5-proofing-viewer-improvements) 
* [Proofing Improvements within Workfront](#proofing-improvements-within-workfront) 
* [Home Area Improvements](#home-area-improvements)&nbsp;
* [Agile Improvements](#agile-improvements) 
* [Gantt Chart Improvements](#gantt-chart-improvements) 
* [Resource Planner Improvements](#resource-planner-improvements)

## group administrator Improvements {#group-administrator-improvements}

* [Reset Password UI Updated for group administrators](#reset-password-ui-updated-for-group-administrators) 
* [Access Level Setup Options for group administrators](#access-level-setup-options-for-group-administrators) 
* [Create Timesheet Profiles for Groups](#create-timesheet-profiles-for-groups) 
* [Recover Deleted Items for Users as a group administrator](#recover-deleted-items-for-users-as-a-group-administrator)

### Reset Password UI Updated for group administrators {#reset-password-ui-updated-for-group-administrators}

As a group administrator, when you reset the password for another user, you are prompted for your own password before you can change theirs. The UI has been updated to reflect this functionality. Prior to this change, the UI showed that the Workfront administrator password was required.

For more information about resetting passwords for other users, see [Edit a user's profile](../../../../administration-and-setup/add-users/create-and-manage-users/edit-a-users-profile.md).

For more information about the capabilities of a group administrator, see the “Capabilities of group administrators” section in [Create a group](../../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-groups/create-a-group.md).

### Access Level Setup Options for group administrators {#access-level-setup-options-for-group-administrators}

As a Workfront administrator, you can now control whether group administrators can log in as other users, or if they can reset the passwords of other users. We have added a new setting in the Access Level to enable or disable this access. Prior to this change, all group administrators could log in as other users and reset other users' passwords by default. This change affects only the Planner Access Level.

For more information about configuring access level for users, see [Grant access to users](../../../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/grant-access-other-users.md).

For more information about the capabilities of a group administrator, see the “Capabilities of group administrators” section in [Create a group](../../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-groups/create-a-group.md).

### Create Timesheet Profiles for Groups {#create-timesheet-profiles-for-groups}

As a group administrator, you can now create Timesheet Profiles for the groups you administer and associate them with groups you administer, or users from these groups. Timesheet Profiles ensure that timesheets are automatically created for the users associated with them.

Prior to this change, only a Workfront administrator could create Timesheet Profiles.

For more information about creating Timesheet Profiles, see [Create, edit, and assign timesheet profiles](../../../../timesheets/create-and-manage-timesheets/create-timesheet-profiles.md).

For more information about the capabilities of a group administrator, see the “Capabilities of group administrators” section in [Create a group](../../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-groups/create-a-group.md).

### Recover Deleted Items for Users as a group administrator {#recover-deleted-items-for-users-as-a-group-administrator}

If a project is associated with a Group for which you are the group administrator, you can recover the project, or any of its deleted tasks, issues, or documents from the Recycle Bin. Prior to this change, only a Workfront administrator could recover items from the Recycle Bin.

For more information about recovering deleted items in Workfront, see [Restore deleted items](../../../../administration-and-setup/manage-workfront/manage-deleted-items/restore-deleted-items.md).

For more information about the capabilities of a group administrator, see the “Capabilities of group administrators” section in [Create a group](../../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-groups/create-a-group.md).&nbsp;

## HTML5 proofing viewer Improvements&nbsp; {#html5-proofing-viewer-improvements}

* [Compare Mode](#compare-mode) 
* [Filter the Comment List](#filter-the-comment-list) 
* [Comment List Is Searched after the First Character Is Entered](#comment-list-is-searched-after-the-first-character-is-entered)

### Compare Mode {#compare-mode}

You can now use compare mode in the HTML5 proofing viewer when viewing Static and Video proofs.&nbsp;

Compare mode in the HTML5 proofing viewer differs from the legacy proofing viewer in the following ways:

* When launching Compare mode, the newer version moves to the right side, with the version you are comparing opening on the left.

  Previously, the newer version moved to the left side, with the version you are comparing opening on the right.

* You can choose which version of a proof you want to compare directly from the proofing viewer.&nbsp;
* The current zoom level and position of proofs within the proofing viewer are maintained when entering simultaneous navigation.
* New Reset option when using simultaneous navigation.
* When exiting compare mode, you can choose which proof you want to close.&nbsp;

  Previously, the older version was always closed.

* Various look and feel and usability improvements.

For more information, see [Compare proofs in the proofing viewer](../../../../workfront-proof/wp-work-proofsfiles/review-proofs-wpv/compare-proofs.md).

### Filter the Comment List {#filter-the-comment-list}

You can now filter comments in the comment list. You can filter by user, actions, unread, and more.

### Comment List Is Searched after the First Character Is Entered {#comment-list-is-searched-after-the-first-character-is-entered}

Now when searching the comment list, the list is automatically filtered after you type the first character.

Prior to this change, you had to type at least 3 characters in the search field before the comment list was filtered.

For more information, see in .

## Proofing Improvements within Workfront {#proofing-improvements-within-workfront}

* [Link Proofs from Workfront Proof to Workfront](#link-proofs-from-workfront-proof-to-workfront) 
* [Can No Longer Remove a Proof from a Document](#can-no-longer-remove-a-proof-from-a-document) 
* [Updated Look and Feel When Generating and Opening Proofs](#updated-look-and-feel-when-generating-and-opening-proofs)

### Link Proofs from Workfront Proof to Workfront {#link-proofs-from-workfront-proof-to-workfront}

You can now link document proofs that already exist in your Workfront Proof account to Workfront.

Prior to this change, you could not access proofs that already existed in Workfront Proof within Workfront.&nbsp;

For more information, see [Link documents from external applications](../../../../documents/adding-documents-to-workfront/link-documents-from-external-apps.md) in [Link documents from external applications](../../../../documents/adding-documents-to-workfront/link-documents-from-external-apps.md).

### Can No Longer Remove a Proof from a Document {#can-no-longer-remove-a-proof-from-a-document}

You can no longer remove a proof from a document. Rather, to remove a proof, you must delete the entire document.

This enhancement reduces the risk of users inadvertently deleting all versions of a proofed document.&nbsp;

For information about deleting a document, see [Delete a proof](../../../../review-and-approve-work/proofing/managing-proofs-within-workfront/remove-archiveg-proof.md) in [Delete a proof](../../../../review-and-approve-work/proofing/managing-proofs-within-workfront/remove-archiveg-proof.md).

### Updated Look and Feel When Generating and Opening Proofs {#updated-look-and-feel-when-generating-and-opening-proofs}

There is now an updated animation spinner when a proof is generating.

## Home Area Improvements {#home-area-improvements}

The following enhancements were made to the Home area:

* [View Proof Approvals from the Home Area](#view-proof-approvals-from-the-home-area) 
* [Default Fields Are Displayed When Configuring the Layout Template for Items in the Home Area](#default-fields-are-displayed-when-configuring-the-layout-template-for-items-in-the-home-area)

### View Proof Approvals from the Home Area {#view-proof-approvals-from-the-home-area}

You can now view proof approvals in the Home area, in addition to standard approvals.

Previously, you could view Workfront approvals, but you could not view approvals for a proof.&nbsp;&nbsp;

For more information, see [Use the Home area](../../../../workfront-basics/using-home/using-the-home-area/use-the-home-area.md).

### Default Fields Are Displayed When Configuring the Layout Template for Items in the Home Area {#default-fields-are-displayed-when-configuring-the-layout-template-for-items-in-the-home-area}

Previously, the default fields were not visible from the layout template.

For more information, see "Creating and Managing Layout Templates.

## Agile Improvements {#agile-improvements}

* [Add Tasks and Issues to the Iteration Directly from the Task or Issue Details Page](#add-tasks-and-issues-to-the-iteration-directly-from-the-task-or-issue-details-page) 
* [Include Issues on the Scrum Backlog and Story Board for an Agile Team](#include-issues-on-the-scrum-backlog-and-story-board-for-an-agile-team) 
* [Apply Groupings and Filters to the Backlog for an Agile Team](#apply-groupings-and-filters-to-the-backlog-for-an-agile-team) 
* [Create a Blank Iteration and Update it Later](#create-a-blank-iteration-and-update-it-later) 
* [The "Focus" and "Capacity" Fields Are Pre-Populated When Creating an Iteration](#the-focus-and-capacity-fields-are-pre-populated-when-creating-an-iteration)

### Add Tasks and Issues to the Iteration Directly from the Task or Issue Details Page {#add-tasks-and-issues-to-the-iteration-directly-from-the-task-or-issue-details-page}

You can now add tasks and issues that are currently assigned to an agile team to an iteration directly from the task or issue.

Previously, you could add tasks to an iteration only from the backlog.&nbsp;

For more information, see [Create an iteration](../../../../agile/use-scrum-in-an-agile-team/iterations/create-an-iteration.md) in [Create an iteration](../../../../agile/use-scrum-in-an-agile-team/iterations/create-an-iteration.md).

### Include Issues on the Scrum Backlog and Story Board for an Agile Team {#include-issues-on-the-scrum-backlog-and-story-board-for-an-agile-team}

Issues are now included by default on the backlog of your agile team when using the Scrum agile methodology (issues are not displayed on the backlog of an agile team when using the Kanban methodology).

Prior to this change, only tasks could be added to&nbsp;the backlog. If you wanted to add an issue, you first had to convert the issue to a task before it could be added.

For information about using issues on the backlog, see&nbsp; [Manage the agile backlog](../../../../agile/work-in-an-agile-environment/manage-the-agile-backlog.md).

### Apply Groupings and Filters to the Backlog for an Agile Team {#apply-groupings-and-filters-to-the-backlog-for-an-agile-team}

The Grouping and Filter options are now available on the agile backlog, allowing you to organize your backlog by groupings, as well as filter for specific tasks and issues.

Prior to this change, you could apply on views to the agile backlog.

For more information,&nbsp;see&nbsp; [Manage the agile backlog](../../../../agile/work-in-an-agile-environment/manage-the-agile-backlog.md)&nbsp;in&nbsp; [Manage the agile backlog](../../../../agile/work-in-an-agile-environment/manage-the-agile-backlog.md).

### Create a Blank Iteration and Update it Later {#create-a-blank-iteration-and-update-it-later}

You are no longer required to add a task or issue to an iteration in order to create it. You can create a blank iteration, and add tasks and issues at a later time.

For more information, see [Create an iteration](../../../../agile/use-scrum-in-an-agile-team/iterations/create-an-iteration.md).

### The "Focus" and "Capacity" Fields Are Pre-Populated When Creating an Iteration {#the-focus-and-capacity-fields-are-pre-populated-when-creating-an-iteration}

Now when creating an iteration, the&nbsp;"Focus" and "Capacity" fields are pre-populated with the average values for all past iterations your team has created. If your team has not created any past iterations, these fields appear as 0.

Previously, these fields were always set to 0.

For more information, see [Create an iteration](../../../../agile/use-scrum-in-an-agile-team/iterations/create-an-iteration.md).

## Gantt Chart Improvements {#gantt-chart-improvements}

* [Enable Edit Mode in the Gantt Chart](#enable-edit-mode-in-the-gantt-chart) 
* [Remove Predecessors When Editing the Gantt Chart](#remove-predecessors-when-editing-the-gantt-chart)

### Enable Edit Mode in the Gantt Chart {#enable-edit-mode-in-the-gantt-chart}

When you enable edit mode in the Gantt chart, you can make changes to information inside the chart. Prior to this change, you could not edit the information in the Gantt chart. You could only edit task information on the task list.

For more information about editing the Gantt chart, see [Update information in the task list Gantt Chart](../../../../manage-work/gantt-chart/use-the-gantt-chart/update-info-task-list-gantt.md).

### Remove Predecessors When Editing the Gantt Chart {#remove-predecessors-when-editing-the-gantt-chart}

Using the Edit mode for the Gantt chart, you can now remove predecessor relationships between tasks in the Gantt chart of a project. Prior to this enhancement, you could remove the predecessor relationship only in the task list, or at the task level.

For more information about editing the Gantt chart, see [Update information in the task list Gantt Chart](../../../../manage-work/gantt-chart/use-the-gantt-chart/update-info-task-list-gantt.md).

## Resource Planner Improvements {#resource-planner-improvements}

* [Budget with Zero Duration in the Resource Planner](#budget-with-zero-duration-in-the-resource-planner)  

* [Show Data by Cost in the Resource Planner](#show-data-by-cost-in-the-resource-planner)

### Budget with Zero Duration in the Resource Planner {#budget-with-zero-duration-in-the-resource-planner}

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature was removed from the Preview environment and is releasing with the 18.1 release.

You can now budget your resources in the Resource Planner for any date, within or outside of the time frame of the project. Prior to this enhancement, you could budget your resources only for the dates within the time frame of the project.

For more information about budgeting resources in the Resource Planner, see the "Budgeting Resources in the Resource Planner" section in [Resource Planner overview](../../../../resource-mgmt/resource-planning/get-started-resource-planner.md).

### Show Data by Cost in the Resource Planner {#show-data-by-cost-in-the-resource-planner}

You can now display the information in the Resource Planner by Cost, in addition to Hours and FTE values. You can display Costs in the Resource Planner when you are viewing it in the View by Project or View by Role views. You cannot display Costs when you are viewing the Resource Planner in the View by User view.

For more information about viewing the Resource Planner by Hours, FTE, or Cost values, see [Resource Planner navigation overview](../../../../resource-mgmt/resource-planning/resource-planner-navigation.md).
