---
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: product-releases-archive
title: 2018.1 Beta 4 release activity
description: This page describes all changes most recently available in the Preview environment with the 2018.1 Beta 4 release. The functionality was made available in the Preview environment on January 24, 2018. It will be made available in the Production environment in March, 2018.
author: Luke
feature: Product Announcements
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
exl-id: 8e016f12-bc72-475c-a8cc-38ded4351f88
---
# 2018.1 Beta 4 release activity

This page describes all changes most recently available in the Preview environment with the 2018.1 Beta 4 release.&nbsp;The functionality was made available in the Preview environment on January 24, 2018. It will be made available in&nbsp;the Production environment in March, 2018.

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>&nbsp;Functionality described on this page is subject to change prior to availability in the Production environment.

For a list of all changes made in 2018.1, see&nbsp; [2018.1 release activity overview](../../../../product-announcements/product-releases/quarterly-release-archive/2018.1-release-activity/2018.1-release-activity-overview.md).

The 2018.1 Beta 4 release contains enhancements for both Workfront administrators and other users:

**For Administrators**

* [Schedules Managed by group administrators](#schedules-managed-by-group-administrators)

**For All Users**

* [Proofing Improvements within Workfront](#proofing-improvements-within-workfront) 
* [Proof Creation in Workfront Proof - Improved User Experience and Additional Functionality](#proof-creation-in-workfront-proof-improved-user-experience-and-additional-functionality) 
* [Proofing Improvements within Workfront and Workfront Proof](#proofing-improvements-within-workfront-and-workfront-proof) 
* [Updated Look and Feel with Basecamp Integration in Workfront Proof](#updated-look-and-feel-with-basecamp-integration-in-workfront-proof) 
* [Paste Images to Workfront from the Clipboard](#paste-images-to-workfront-from-the-clipboard) 
* [Utilization Report Improvements](#utilization-report-improvements) 
* [Remove the Resource Budgeted Hour Object from Workfront](#remove-the-resource-budgeted-hour-object-from-workfront) 
* [Report Usage Statistics](#report-usage-statistics) 
* [Gantt Chart Updates](#gantt-chart-updates) 
* [New Portfolio Optimizer](#new-portfolio-optimizer) 
* [Budget Date Adjustment Option in the Resource Planner](#budget-date-adjustment-option-in-the-resource-planner) 
* [Resource Scheduling: Restrict Assignments to Users Based on Group Membership](#resource-scheduling-restrict-assignments-to-users-based-on-group-membership) 
* [Resource Scheduling: Allow Assignments to Users Regardless of Role](#resource-scheduling-allow-assignments-to-users-regardless-of-role) 
* [Emoji Support](#emoji-support)

## Proofing Improvements within Workfront {#proofing-improvements-within-workfront}

The following improvements were made around the document list within Workfront:&nbsp;

* [View Proof Progress from the Document List](#view-proof-progress-from-the-document-list) 
* [New Option to View the Print Summary from the Document List](#new-option-to-view-the-print-summary-from-the-document-list) 
* [Updated Look and Feel for Generating or Opening the Proof from the Document List](#updated-look-and-feel-for-generating-or-opening-the-proof-from-the-document-list) 
* [Various Links Removed from Documents on the Document List](#various-links-removed-from-documents-on-the-document-list) 
* [View File Names on Combined Proofs](#view-file-names-on-combined-proofs) 
* [View the Current Active Stage of a Proof from the Document List](#view-the-current-active-stage-of-a-proof-from-the-document-list)

### View Proof Progress from the Document List {#view-proof-progress-from-the-document-list}

Proof progress indicators are now displayed for all proofs when viewing the document list. (This includes Sent, Opened, Comments Made, and Decision.)

Prior to this change, you had to select a proof in the document list to view the proof progress in the right panel.&nbsp;

For more information, see [Proof progress and status overview](../../../../review-and-approve-work/proofing/proofing-overview/view-progress-status-proof.md).

### New Option to View the Print Summary from the Document List {#new-option-to-view-the-print-summary-from-the-document-list}

You can now view the print summary for a proof directly from the document list.

Prior to this change, you could view the print summary only from the proofing viewer.&nbsp;

For more information about viewing the print summary from the document list, see [Print a proof summary within Adobe Workfront](../../../../review-and-approve-work/proofing/managing-proofs-within-workfront/print-proof-summary-in-wf.md).

### Updated Look and Feel for Generating or Opening the Proof from the Document List {#updated-look-and-feel-for-generating-or-opening-the-proof-from-the-document-list}

Now when mousing over a document in the document list, the options for generating the proof or opening the proof have been updated. These options are now more prominent and appear as buttons.

Prior to this change, these options were available as links below the document name.

For more information, see the following sections:

* . 
* in .

### Various Links Removed from Documents on the Document List {#various-links-removed-from-documents-on-the-document-list}

The following actions are no longer available as links on individual documents within the document list:

* Generate Proof
* Proof
* Details
* Share
* Check Out / Check In

The following actions are now available as a button on the document within the document list:

* Open Proof (Available after the proof is generated)&nbsp;
* Generate Proof (Available when the proof is not yet generated)

The following actions are now available in the drop-down menu next to the Open Proof or Generate Proof button:

* Proof Details
* Document Details
* Print Summary

For more information, see the following sections:

* . 
* in .

### View File Names on Combined Proofs {#view-file-names-on-combined-proofs}

You can now view the individual file names that make up a combined proof. This information is displayed in the Details tab when the proof is selected in the document list.

For more information, see Viewing All Files Contained in a Combined Proof.&nbsp;

### View the Current Active Stage of a Proof from the Document List {#view-the-current-active-stage-of-a-proof-from-the-document-list}

Now when selecting a proof in the document list, the current active stages are displayed in the right column on the Details tab.&nbsp;

For more information, see [View active stages on a proof](../../../../review-and-approve-work/proofing/managing-proofs-within-workfront/view-active-stages-proof.md).&nbsp;&nbsp;

## Proof Creation in Workfront Proof - Improved&nbsp;User Experience&nbsp;and Additional Functionality {#proof-creation-in-workfront-proof-improved-user-experience-and-additional-functionality}

In addition to an improved&nbsp;user experience when creating proofs in Workfront Proof, the following additional functionality is now available:

* Merge multiple images&nbsp;into a single proof.
* Proof websites in multiple resolutions (multiple resolutions can be created as individual proofs or can be combined into a single proof).
* Edit the file name during the upload process.
* Include custom fields on the proof creation form.
* Add a custom message to proof email notifications.
* Additional proof settings&nbsp;
* Real-time error validation when proofing a URL (Previously, you had to wait several minutes prior to an error being displayed)

>[!NOTE]
>
>This new proof creation page in Workfront Proof now matches the proof creation page that was recently made available when creating proofs within Workfront.&nbsp;

For more information, see&nbsp; [Generate Proofs in Workfront Proof](../../../../workfront-proof/wp-work-proofsfiles/create-proofs-and-files/generate-proofs.md).

## Proofing Improvements within Workfront and Workfront Proof {#proofing-improvements-within-workfront-and-workfront-proof}

The following changes apply when adding documents to Workfront and to Workfront Proof:

* [Resize the Comment List When Reviewing Proofs](#resize-the-comment-list-when-reviewing-proofs) 
* [Hyperlinks Are Active When Reviewing Static Proofs](#hyperlinks-are-active-when-reviewing-static-proofs) 
* [Improvements When Adding Proofs](#improvements-when-adding-proofs)

### Resize the Comment List When Reviewing Proofs {#resize-the-comment-list-when-reviewing-proofs}

Now you can resize the comment list when reviewing proofs in the proofing viewer.

For more information, see in .

### Hyperlinks Are Active When Reviewing Static Proofs {#hyperlinks-are-active-when-reviewing-static-proofs}

Hyperlinks are now active when reviewing a static proof in the proofing viewer. Click a hyperlink to go to the linked page.

This functionality is supported in any file types that contain text, such as PDF, DOC, and so forth. Image files are not supported.

### Improvements When Adding Proofs {#improvements-when-adding-proofs}

The following enhancements are available when adding documents to be proofed.&nbsp;

* Information in the Recipients list is now available in a 3-column view, making the information easier to view and modify.&nbsp;

  Previously, the information was displayed in a single-column view, requiring more clicks when changes were required.&nbsp;

  For more information, see in .

* Drag one or more recipients from one workflow stage to another when using Automated Workflow. You can drag directly to a stage, or you can drag to a stage on the diagram, located at the top of the page.

  For more information, see in .

* Workflow diagram remains visible at the top of the page even when scrolling. The diagram is collapsed by default; expand the diagram to view the full diagram.

  For more information, see in .

* When adding a template to an automated workflow in a proof, a loading animation is shown, indicating that the template is loading.

  For more information, see in .

* The following settings were moved from the Proof Settings section to the Workflow section on the New Proof page:

   * Primary Decision Maker
   * Require only one decision

## Updated Look and Feel with Basecamp Integration in Workfront Proof {#updated-look-and-feel-with-basecamp-integration-in-workfront-proof}

The look and feel of the Basecamp integration with Workfront Proof is now updated. Functionality remains the same.

## Paste Images to Workfront from the Clipboard {#paste-images-to-workfront-from-the-clipboard}

You can now add image files to Workfront by pasting an image from your system clipboard.

The ability to paste from the clipboard was removed from Workfront in a previous release; it is being re-introduced with this release. The new method is more streamlined and intuitive.

For more information, see [Paste images from the Clipboard](../../../../documents/managing-documents/paste-image-clipboard.md).&nbsp;

## Utilization Report Improvements {#utilization-report-improvements}

The Utilization report contains the following improvements:

* View Revenue in the Utilization report on a project

  Allows you to view the Budgeted Revenue, Planned Revenue, Actual Revenue, Budgeted Variance, and Planned Variance.

* Compare Revenue against Planned and Actual Costs

  Allows you to view the Planned or Actual Cost alongside the Planned Revenue. The Margin (%) is also displayed (margin is calculated as Revenue - Cost / Revenue).

* Revenue is displayed when viewing the chart.
* Headers remain visible when scrolling.

  Now when scrolling through information in the Utilization report, the header at the top of the Utilization report is always visible, allowing you to more easily understand the data in the report.

  Previously, the header at the top of the Utilization report would move out of view when scrolling.

* Utilization report on an individual project loads automatically

  When viewing the Utilization report on a project, the report loads automatically.

  Prior to this change, you had to click "Run" before the report ran.

* Improved performance

For more information about the Utilization report, see [Overview of the Resource Utilization report](../../../../reports-and-dashboards/reports/using-built-in-reports/resource-utilization-report.md).

## Remove the Resource Budgeted Hour Object from Workfront {#remove-the-resource-budgeted-hour-object-from-workfront}

To address performance issues, the Resource Budgeted Hour field was temporarily removed from Workfront.

As a reminder, the Resource Budgeted Hours are the hours that you budget for your resources or your projects in the Resource Planner. For the time being, you can no longer report on this field in the web application or through the API. The field will be reinstated in a future release, when the performance issues have been resolved.

For more information about budgeting hours in the Resource Planner, see [Resource Planner overview](../../../../resource-mgmt/resource-planning/get-started-resource-planner.md).&nbsp;

## Report Usage Statistics {#report-usage-statistics}

You can now display the following usage information for your Workfront reports in a list of reports:

* Last Viewed By
* Last View Date
* Last 10 Viewers
* Views This Month/ Quarter/ Year
* Views Last Month/ Quarter/ Year
* All Views

Prior to this update, you were limited in what usage information you could see on your reports.

For more information about report usage, see [View report usage](../../../../reports-and-dashboards/reports/report-usage/view-report-usage.md)

## Schedules Managed by group administrators {#schedules-managed-by-group-administrators}

As a group administrator, you can create and edit schedules associated with the groups you administer, as well as their subgroups. Prior to this change, only Workfront administrators could create and edit schedules.

For more information on managing schedules, see [Create a schedule](../../../../administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/configure-timesheets-schedules/create-schedules.md)

## Gantt Chart Updates {#gantt-chart-updates}

The Gantt chart is now editable. Using the Gantt chart, you can make the following updates on your tasks:

* Create predecessor relationships
* Edit task duration
* Update the task percent complete
* Apply resource leveling

Prior to this change, you could only remove predecessor relationships in the Gantt chart and you could edit tasks only in the task list.

For more information on the Gantt chart, see [Update information in the task list Gantt Chart](../../../../manage-work/gantt-chart/use-the-gantt-chart/update-info-task-list-gantt.md)

## New Portfolio Optimizer {#new-portfolio-optimizer}

The Portfolio Optimizer area of Workfront is now updated with a new look and feel. The functionality has not changed.

For more information about the Portfolio Optimizer, see [Portfolio Optimizer overview](../../../../manage-work/portfolios/portfolio-optimizer/portfolio-optimizer-overview.md)

## Budget Date Adjustment Option in the Resource Planner {#budget-date-adjustment-option-in-the-resource-planner}

We have added an option to give you quick visibility into time frames without budgeting conflicts. After you view when the time frames without budgeting conflicts occur, you can manually move your Budgeted Hours to those times. This will also adjust the Budgeted Dates of the hours. Prior to this update, viewing budgeting conflicts for a project at a glance was not possible. 

For more information about adjusting budgeted dates in the Resource Planner, see the "Adjusting Budgeting Dates" section in the [Resource Planner overview](../../../../resource-mgmt/resource-planning/get-started-resource-planner.md)

## Resource Scheduling: Restrict Assignments to Users Based on Group Membership {#resource-scheduling-restrict-assignments-to-users-based-on-group-membership}

>[!NOTE]
>
>The Resource Scheduling tools have been deprecated and removed from Workfront with the 23.1 release. For information about scheduling resources using the Workload Balancer, see [Overview of the Workload Balancer](../../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/overview-workload-balancer.md).

When making user assignments in the Scheduling area (as described in "Manually assign unassigned tasks and issues in the Scheduling areas"), you can now configure Workfront to restrict assignments of tasks and issues only to those users who are members of the group that is defined on the project where the task or issue originates.&nbsp;

This applies when making assignments in the following ways:

* When assigning a user to all tasks and issues for a specific role, as described in "Manually assign unassigned tasks and issues in the Scheduling areas".

  Prior to this change, a task or issue could always be assigned to any user regardless of that user's group membership.&nbsp;

* When swapping assignments with another user, as described in "Manually assign unassigned tasks and issues in the Scheduling areas".

  Prior to this change, a task or issue could always be assigned to any user regardless of that user's group membership.&nbsp;

* When manually assigning a task or issue from the scheduling timeline, as described in "Manually assign unassigned tasks and issues in the Scheduling areas".

  Prior to this change, a task or issue could always be assigned to any user regardless of that user's group membership.&nbsp;

* When allowing Workfront to automatically assign users, as described in "Manually assign unassigned tasks and issues in the Scheduling areas".

  Prior to this change, Workfront would assign tasks and issues to users regardless of group membership.

For more information about configuring this option, see "Get started with Resource Scheduling".

## Resource Scheduling: Allow Assignments to Users Regardless of Role {#resource-scheduling-allow-assignments-to-users-regardless-of-role}

When making user assignments in the Scheduling area (as described in "Manually assign unassigned tasks and issues in the Scheduling areas"), you can now configure Workfront to&nbsp;allow tasks and issues to be assigned to any user, regardless of whether that user has a role defined on their user profile that matches the role assignment of the task or issue that is being assigned to them.

This applies when making assignments in the following ways:

* When assigning a user to all tasks and issues for a specific role, as described in "Manually assign unassigned tasks and issues in the Scheduling areas" in "Manually assign unassigned tasks and issues in the Scheduling areas".

  Prior to this change, the primary role of the user you are assigning had to match the role already defined in the Select Role field.

* When swapping assignments with another user, as described in "Manually assign unassigned tasks and issues in the Scheduling areas".

  Prior to this change, the primary role of the user you are assigning had to match the role already defined in the Select Role field.

* When manually assigning a task or issue from the scheduling timeline, as described in "Manually assign unassigned tasks and issues in the Scheduling areas".

  Prior to this change, only users whose role matched the role of the task or issue you were assigning were displayed on the scheduling timeline.

>[!NOTE]
>
>This does not apply when allowing Workfront to automatically assign users, as described in "Manually assign unassigned tasks and issues in the Scheduling areas". When automatically assigning users, tasks and issues can be assigned only to users with a matching role.

For more information about configuring this option, see "Get started with Resource Scheduling".

## Emoji Support {#emoji-support}

Now you can set the tone for comments and updates you make in Workfront by inserting emojis. Any emojis added to comments made on the Updates tab also display in the update email notification.&nbsp;

For more information see, [Update work](../../../../workfront-basics/updating-work-items-and-viewing-updates/update-work.md).
