---
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: product-releases-archive
title: 2018.2 Beta 3 release activity
description: This page describes all changes most recently available in the Preview environment with the 2018.2 Beta 3 release. The functionality was made available in the Preview environment on April 19, 2018. It will be made available in the Production environment in June 2018.
author: Luke
feature: Product Announcements
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
exl-id: 239a4e7e-e9db-4cf0-a703-8888e00f0d83
---
# 2018.2 Beta 3 release activity

This page describes all changes most recently available in the Preview environment with the 2018.2 Beta 3 release.&nbsp;The functionality was made available in the Preview environment on April 19, 2018. It will be made available in&nbsp;the Production environment in June&nbsp;2018.

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>&nbsp;Functionality described on this page is subject to change prior to availability in the Production environment.

For a list of all changes made in 2018.2, see&nbsp; [2018.2 release activity overview](../../../../product-announcements/product-releases/quarterly-release-archive/2018.2-release-activity/2018.2-release-activity-overview.md).

The 2018.2 Beta 3 release contains the following enhancements:

* [Manage Licenses in Your System](#manage-licenses-in-your-system) 
* [Set Flags for Stories on the Kanban Board](#set-flags-for-stories-on-the-kanban-board) 
* [Edit Fields Directly on an Agile Story Card](#edit-fields-directly-on-an-agile-story-card) 
* [Improved Search Relevancy for Multiple Words](#improved-search-relevancy-for-multiple-words)

## Manage Licenses in Your System {#manage-licenses-in-your-system}

We have created a new Licenses page for Workfront administrators where they can view the number of currently used licenses or manage licenses by Home Group.&nbsp;

Prior to this change, Workfront administrators could only view license counts in the License section of the Customer Info page.

For more information, see [Manage available licenses in your system](../../../../administration-and-setup/get-started-wf-administration/manage-available-licenses-in-your-system.md)

## Set Flags for Stories on the Kanban Board {#set-flags-for-stories-on-the-kanban-board}

Each story tile on the Kanban story board&nbsp;now includes a flag that team members can manually set in order to indicate when a story is On Track (default), Blocked, or Ready to Pull.

Flags provide a visual indication of when a story is ready to move to the next status. This enables Kanban teams to use a "pull" approach rather than a "push" approach when moving stories across statuses on the Kanban board.

For information about using flags on the Kanban board, see "Using Flags on Stories" in the article .

For information about including flags in task reports, see [Glossary of Adobe Workfront terminology](../../../../workfront-basics/navigate-workfront/workfront-navigation/workfront-terminology-glossary.md).&nbsp;&nbsp;

## Edit Fields Directly on an Agile Story Card {#edit-fields-directly-on-an-agile-story-card}

When viewing the agile story board for an agile team, you can now edit fields inline, directly on the story card. You can edit any fields that you have access to edit when viewing the original task or issue.

Prior to this change, information on the story card could only be viewed, not edited.

For more information, see the following sections:

* For Kanban Teams: "Viewing and Editing Information about a Story" in .&nbsp;
* For Scrum Teams:&nbsp;"Viewing and Editing Information about a Story" in

## Improved Search Relevancy for Multiple Words {#improved-search-relevancy-for-multiple-words}

We have introduced a change in the way searches are performed when using multiple keywords. With the new update, when searching for multiple words, the search finds items that contain all of the words you specify. If you want to search for any of the words in the keywords, you must insert "OR" (without quotation marks) between the search terms.&nbsp;

Prior to this change, searching for multiple words at one time would find items that contain any or all of the words in the phrase.&nbsp;

For more information about searching, see [Search Adobe Workfront](../../../../workfront-basics/navigate-workfront/search/search-workfront.md).
