---
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: product-releases-archive
title: 2018.2 Beta Final release activity
description: This page describes all changes most recently available in the Preview environment with the 2018.2 Beta Final release. The functionality was made available in the Preview environment on June 20, 2018. It will be made available in the Production environment in July 2018.
author: Luke
feature: Product Announcements
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
exl-id: 36001571-bf8c-4fe8-a66b-09d3726f66d3
---
# 2018.2 Beta Final release activity

This page describes all changes most recently available in the Preview environment with the 2018.2 Beta Final release.&nbsp;The functionality was made available in the Preview environment on June 20, 2018. It will be made available in&nbsp;the Production environment in July 2018.

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>&nbsp;Functionality described on this page is subject to change prior to availability in the Production environment.

For a list of all changes made in 2018.2, see&nbsp; [2018.2 release activity overview](../../../../product-announcements/product-releases/quarterly-release-archive/2018.2-release-activity/2018.2-release-activity-overview.md).

The following new features will release at the time of the 18.2 Production release:

* [Specify Mail Delivery Services for Replying to Workfront Email Notifications](#specify-mail-delivery-services-for-replying-to-workfront-email-notifications) 
* [Receive Email Notifications for Comments on Documents](#receive-email-notifications-for-comments-on-documents) 
* [System-Tracked Updates No Longer Contain an Icon](#system-tracked-updates-no-longer-contain-an-icon) 
* [Option to Convert a Comment to a Task Was Removed](#option-to-convert-a-comment-to-a-task-was-removed) 
* [Workfront for Salesforce](#workfront-for-salesforce) 
* [Workfront for Slack Improvements](#workfront-for-slack-improvements) 
* [Mobile Improvements](#mobile-improvements)

## Specify Mail Delivery Services for Replying to Workfront Email Notifications {#specify-mail-delivery-services-for-replying-to-workfront-email-notifications}

Workfront administrators now have a choice of mail delivery services when configuring Workfront to allow users to make comments on objects through email replies. Workfront can be configured to use either the default email service or a POP email account.

Prior to this update, Workfront administrators were required to set up a POP account for each user.&nbsp;

For information on configuring a POP email account, see .

For more information on the default mail service, see .

## Receive Email Notifications for Comments on Documents {#receive-email-notifications-for-comments-on-documents}

You now receive an email notification when someone comments on a document you own. This option is enabled by default. You can use the "A comment is added on my document" notification setting to disable the email notification option.

Prior to this change, you received no notifications when someone commented on a document you own.&nbsp;

For more information, see [Modify your own email notifications](../../../../workfront-basics/using-notifications/activate-or-deactivate-your-own-event-notifications.md).

>[!NOTE]
>
>When this feature was originally released, users would receive an in-app notification in addition to an email notification. You no longer receive an in-app notification when someone comments on a document you own.&nbsp;

## System-Tracked Updates No Longer Contain an Icon {#system-tracked-updates-no-longer-contain-an-icon}

Any time the Workfront system creates an update in the Updates area on an object (such as within a project), that update no longer contains a corresponding icon.

Prior to this change, any system update also included an icon that represented the update that was made.

For more information about system updates, see [System-tracked updates](../../../../administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/system-tracked-update-feeds/system-tracked-update-feeds.md).

## Option to Convert a Comment to a Task Was Removed {#option-to-convert-a-comment-to-a-task-was-removed}

The option to&nbsp;convert a comment to a task was removed.

Previously, you could convert a comment to a task while in the Updates area on an object.

## Workfront for Salesforce {#workfront-for-salesforce}

We are releasing a new out-of-the-box integration between Salesforce and Workfront. You will be able to do the following:

* Automatically create new Workfront projects when a Salesforce Opportunity reaches a certain Stage, when a new Product is added to an Opportunity, or when the Type of an Account is updated.
* Create Workfront Requests from a Salesforce Opportunity or Account.

This integration will be available to all the customers who have a Workfront Pro edition, or higher, and it will be free.

For more information about Workfront for Salesforce, see&nbsp; [Adobe Workfront for Salesforce](../../../../workfront-integrations-and-apps/using-workfront-with-salesforce/workfront-for-salesforce.md).

## Workfront for Slack Improvements {#workfront-for-slack-improvements}

You can configure to receive Workfront notifications in your Slack Workfront channel.

The following Workfront notifications can also be configured to be delivered in Slack:

* When someone tags you in a comment or update.
* When you are assigned to a new task or issue.
* When you are requested to approve an item.

Prior to this improvement, you could not receive Workfront notifications in Slack.

For more information about Workfront notifications in Slack, see [Receive Adobe Workfront notifications in Slack](../../../../workfront-integrations-and-apps/using-workfront-with-slack/receive-workfront-notifications-in-slack.md).

## Mobile Improvements {#mobile-improvements}

The following new features will release to the mobile stores at the time of the 18.2 Production release:

* Inline edit for object names&nbsp;

  You can now inline edit fields like the name of a project, task, or issue in the mobile app.

* Upload documents&nbsp;

  You can now upload documents to objects in the Workfront mobile app.

* Upload a profile picture&nbsp;

  You can now upload a profile photo in your iOS mobile app.

  This feature will be available only for the iOS mobile app.

The following features have already been released to the Android Beta version of the Workfront mobile app, and they are also releasing to the public Android and iOS mobile apps. The experience for the iOS platform contains the following differences from the already released Android experience:

* New bottom navigation bar for iOS&nbsp;

* New tutorial experience for iOS&nbsp;

For more information about these features and to watch videos demonstrating them, see [2018.2 Beta 4 release activity](../../../../product-announcements/product-releases/quarterly-release-archive/2018.2-release-activity/2018.2-beta-4-release-activity.md) and [2018.2 Beta 5 release activity](../../../../product-announcements/product-releases/quarterly-release-archive/2018.2-release-activity/2018.2-beta-5-release-activity.md).
