---
title: Second Quarter 2026 Administrator enhancements
description: Second Quarter 2026 Administrator enhancements
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
exl-id: ce152c48-ed72-47ed-b1c5-940c93b4a9ec
---
# Second Quarter 2026 Administrator enhancements

This page describes Administrator enhancements made with the Second Quarter 2026 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment as noted.

For a list of all changes available at this point in the Second Quarter 2026 release cycle, see [Second Quarter 2026 release overview](/help/quicksilver/product-announcements/product-releases/26-q1-release-activity/26-q1-release-overview.md).

## Custom Quarters removed from Project Preferences

>[!NOTE]
>
>Preview: March 5, 2026
>Production fast release: April 15, 2026
>Production for everyone: April 16, 2026 

We have moved the Custom Quarter area from the Project Preferences section. It is now a standalone section in Setup.  

This update includes the following: 

* The Custom Quarters area is removed from the Project Preferences section in Setup 

* The Custom Quarters section is added to the Setup left panel. The functionality remains the same.  

* The Custom Quarters section has been removed from the Project Preferences section of a group. Group owners don't have visibility into Custom Quarters setup anymore.  

For information, see [Enable custom quarters](/help/quicksilver/administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/configure-system-defaults/enable-custom-quarters-projects.md).

## Collapse custom form section by default

>[!NOTE]
>
>Preview: February 26, 2026
>Production fast release: March 12, 2026
>Production for everyone: April 16, 2026

By default, all sections on a custom form are expanded when the form itself is expanded. A new option on the custom form designer allows you to mark a section to be collapsed by default when a user opens the form. This option is applied at the section level, not on fields.

For more information, see [Organize and preview a form](/help/quicksilver/administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/form-designer/design-a-form/organize-a-form.md).

## Rich text field type is now available on custom forms

>[!NOTE]
>
>Preview: January 29, 2026
>Production fast release: February 12, 2026
>Production for everyone: TBD
>
>This feature has been temporarily removed from the Production environment on February 13, 2026.

The new **Rich text** field type in custom forms is a robust text editor, with formatting options such as superscript and subscript, headings, and tables, in addition to the traditional options of bold, italics, underline, bullets, numbering, hyperlinks, and block quotes. The character limit remains 15,000.

The Rich text field type is replacing the Text with formatting field type. You can quickly convert existing Text with formatting fields to Rich text, by clicking the button in the field options on the right. When you convert, historical data remains on the field and it is used the same way in reports.

For more information, see [Create a custom form](/help/quicksilver/administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/form-designer/design-a-form/design-a-form.md).

## New IP addresses for Workfront email notifications

We are updating the IP addresses used to send email notifications from Workfront. If your organization maintains an email or firewall allowlist, you must add the new IP addresses below to ensure continued delivery of Workfront notifications.

These updates apply to all outbound emails generated by the Workfront application, including approvals, reminders, proof notifications, and other system messages.

US:

* 206.55.149.212
* 206.55.149.214
* 206.55.149.215
* 206.55.149.213
* 206.55.149.211

EU:

* 24.110.76.224
* 24.110.76.223

For more information, see [Configure your firewall's allowlist](/help/quicksilver/administration-and-setup/get-started-wf-administration/configure-your-firewall.md).
