

# 21.4 release activity:&nbsp;Week of August 23, 2021

This page describes all enhancements made with the 21.4 release to the Preview environment the week of Aug 23, 2021. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment in July 2022

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
the week of April 4, 2022
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

.

For a list of all changes available at this point in the 21.4 release cycle, see [22.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.3-release-activity/22-3-release-overview.md).

## New experience when attaching templates to projects

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

To make your use of Workfront consistent with the new Workfront experience, we have redesigned the interface for attaching a template to a project. The functionality for attaching a template has not changed. However, there are some of the improvements of this newly redesigned interface that include the following:

* Preview template information before attaching it
* Add templates to a list of favorites during the attachment process
* View all options for managing template and project settings in one continuous page

For information, see [Attach a template to a project](../../../manage-work/projects/create-and-manage-templates/attach-template-to-project.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/592767793?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/592767793/3f536585d5)

## New look and feel for embedded request queues in the new Workfront experience

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

To keep the look and feel for submitting requests the same everywhere in the new Workfront experience, we have redesigned the interface for adding requests to an embedded request queue. Prior to this enhancement, the interface for adding requests from a dashboard matched the Workfront classic environment.

For information, see [Embed a request queue in a dashboard](../../../reports-and-dashboards/dashboards/creating-and-managing-dashboards/embed-request-queue-dashboard.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/592770628?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/592770628/30397bbb82)

## New for group administrators: View and manage a group’s recently deleted and restored items

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

We are continuing to make it easier to manage your groups and their associated objects in one place. Now you can view and work with a group’s recently deleted and restored items from the Groups area. This saves you from having to go to the Recently Deleted or Recently Restored area in Setup to manage those items. And it keeps the list of group items you’re working with separate from the other deleted and restored items in the system.

For more information, see [View and manage a group's recently deleted items](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/work-with-group-objects/view-manage-groups-recently-deleted-objects.md) and [View and manage a group's recently restored items](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/work-with-group-objects/view-manage-groups-recently-restored-objects.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/592790676?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/592790676/ec5e69f70e)

## New for group administrators: Group preferences now affect group templates

It’s now easier to make sure that your group’s project templates meet your group’s needs. When you assign a new project template to a group at the time when you create it, the template inherits the following settings from the group’s project and task preferences:

* Performance Index Method
* Condition Type
* Schedule from
* User time off
* Update type
* Access section settings

When you create a new template task within a project template that is associated with a group, the template task inherits the following settings from the group’s task preferences:

* Duration Type
* Revenue Type
* Cost Type

Previously, project templates and project template tasks inherited these settings from the project and task preferences set at the system level.

If you create a template or template task without a group—for example, from the main Templates page—the settings above are inherited from the system-level project and task preferences. However, if you later assign a group to the template or template task, the group’s preferences don’t affect it.

For more information, see the section How preferences apply to templates and template tasks in the article [Create and modify a group’s project templates](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/work-with-group-objects/create-and-modify-a-groups-templates.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/592786526?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/592786526/d1d6ded612) 
