

# 21.4 release activity:&nbsp;Week of July 19, 2021

This page describes all enhancements made with the 21.4 release to the Preview environment the week of July 19, 2021. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment later this year

<!--
the week of October 4, 2021
-->

.

For a list of all changes available at this point in the 21.4 release cycle, see [22.2 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.2-release-activity/22-2-release-overview.md).

## Enter and save information in one attached custom form at a time

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

It's now easier to supply information in the Details section for an object: Type and save information in a single custom field or expandable area (such as Overview and Finance), even if required fields in other custom forms on the object are not yet filled out.

Previously, when you entered information in one custom form or expandable area for an object, all custom forms attached to the object went into edit mode and all their required fields had to be completed before you could save your changes. This was a problem if you couldn’t complete a required field because it was intended for another user.

If you do want to edit all custom forms and expandable areas in the Details section for an object, you can click Edit all on the new Edit menu that we added to the Edit icon. Or, on the same menu, you can click a name to scroll to the custom form or section where you want to make changes

For more information, see [Edit object details in the new Adobe Workfront experience](../../../workfront-basics/the-new-workfront-experience/combined-pages-object-details.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/577660078?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/577660078/70db05b492)

## Add new stories and issues from the Kanban board

You can now create a new story or issue directly from the Kanban board. This makes it easier to quickly add a new story without having to go to a project, report, or dashboard to create a task.

For more information, see [Add stories and issues from the Kanban board](../../../agile/use-kanban-in-an-agile-team/add-story-from-kanban-board.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/578094546?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/578094546/cbdd9b0d72)

## Create a new request from the mobile app home area

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature will be generally available in the Apple App Store and Google Play Store the week of August 2.

You can now create a new request from the home area in the Adobe Workfront mobile app. Tapping the "add" button in the floating navigation bar displays an option for Request in addition to Task. Previously, you had to navigate to the Requests page to create a request.

The following articles will be updated when the app is released to the app stores:

* [Adobe Workfront for iOS](../../../workfront-basics/mobile-apps/using-the-workfront-mobile-app/workfront-for-ios.md) 
* [Adobe Workfront for Android](../../../workfront-basics/mobile-apps/using-the-workfront-mobile-app/workfront-for-android.md)

## New for group administrators: Create and manage statuses for a group at any level

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature was originally released to Preview with the 21.3 release.

To make it easier for all levels of an organization to manage and control their workflows independently, we’ve introduced the ability to create and manage statuses for subgroups. Now, from the Groups section in Setup, you can do the following for groups you administer on any level:

* Create, edit, delete, and hide a status for a group
* Lock a status for any group so that all lower subgroups below it can use it in the same way
* Unlock a status for any group so that administrators of lower subgroups can customize it to meet their unique needs
* Set a group status as a default status
* Reorder and hide the display of group statuses on objects

Workfront administrators can also do these things (for all groups).

Previously, this functionality was available only for top-level groups.

For more information, see [Manage group statuses](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/manage-group-statuses/manage-group-statuses.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/558294261?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/558294261/ed2ee01b99) 
