---
content-type: release-notes
keywords: notes,quarterly,update
navigation-topic: 2021-4-release-activity
title: 21.4 Release overview
description: This page provides information about functionality for both Adobe Workfront Classic and the new Adobe Workfront experience that is included in the 21.4 release. to help you unlock productivity and collaboration.[Marketing one-liner for the release]
author: Luke
feature: Product Announcements
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
exl-id: 0897b269-c6f3-4b63-8956-b7f9fbe0a553
---
# 21.4 Release overview

This page provides information about functionality for both Adobe Workfront Classic and the new Adobe Workfront experience that is included in the 21.4 release. 

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
to help you unlock productivity and collaboration.
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
[Marketing one-liner for the release]
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

<!--
<p data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">These enhancements are currently available in the Preview environment. As the 21.4 release nears its planned Production release the week of October 4, 2021
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
in October 2021
</MadCap:conditionalText>
, this page will be updated with all functionality included with 21.4.</p>
-->

These enhancements have been made available in the Production environment the week of October 4, 2021.

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
These enhancements are currently available in the Preview environment and will be made available in the Production environment the week of October 4, 2021
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
,
</MadCap:conditionalText>
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
unless otherwise specifiedthe week of May 10, 2021.
</MadCap:conditionalText>


For specific release dates and times for each cluster, see the [Adobe Workfront status page](https://status.adobe.com/en/products/5943) on [status.adobe.com](http://status.adobe.com/). You must log in to see specific release times.

-->

## Adobe Workfront enhancements

* [Administrator enhancements](#administrator-enhancements) 
* [Agile enhancements](#agile-enhancements) 
* [Project enhancements](#project-enhancements) 
* [Resource Management enhancements](#resource-management-enhancements) 
* [Reporting enhancements](#reporting-enhancements) 
* [Requests enhancements](#requests-enhancements) 
* [Proofing enhancements](#proofing-enhancements) 
* [Integration enhancements](#integration-enhancements) 
* [Mobile enhancements](#mobile-enhancements) 
* [Other enhancements](#other-enhancements)

### Administrator enhancements {#administrator-enhancements}

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#for" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">For administrators: See which groups are associated with an approval process</a> </p> <p>To help you find out which groups are associated with the approval processes in your system, we've added a Group Name column to the Standard view on the Approvals page in Setup. Now you can view this information without having to create a custom view.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><b>Available on these dates:</b> </p> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 9, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#new" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New for administrators: Groups can configure their own timesheet and hour preferences</a> </p> <p>In a large organization, some groups might need to configure timesheet and hour preferences independently to fit their unique workflows, rather than inheriting the preferences configured by an administrator at the system level. Now Workfront administrators can unlock a timesheet and hour preference for all groups in the system so that they can configure it on their own.</p> <p>This ability was also added recently for project preferences and for task and issue preferences.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><b>Available on these dates:</b> </p> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 9, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release <span style="color: #ff0000;">(Initially available in Production only to customers on Cluster 4)</span></p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#new2" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New for Workfront administrators: Configure layout templates for auto-provisioned users in the new Workfront experience</a> </p> <p>Now you can configure layout templates in the new Workfront experience for auto-provisioned users. In the Workfront User Attribute drop-down menu where you map user attributes (Setup &gt; System &gt; Single Sign-On), a new "NWE Layout Template" menu item is now available for making this configuration. Previously, you were able to configure layout templates for auto-provisioned users only in Workfront Classic.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><b>Available on these dates:</b> </p> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 9, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#new3" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New field displays the groups your users belong to</a> </p> <p>Now it's easy to find out which groups your users belong to. In a report or view that lists users, you can create a column using the new Other Groups field. This field lists the groups where each user is a member.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><b>Available on these dates:</b> </p> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 9, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#blueprin" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Blueprints details page now displays an image</a> </p> <p>The details page for each blueprint now displays an image of the project template that is installed with the blueprint. The image provides a preview of the blueprint contents so that you know what you are about to install. You can optionally preview the full image in the browser or download the image.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 9, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#blueprin2" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Blueprints preferences for new issues</a> </p> <p>New issue preferences are now available for some blueprints. They are installed by default, but you can opt out of installing the preferences when you configure your installation details.</p> <p>The preferences include queue topic groups, queue topics, and routing rules to collect the correct information when an issue or request is submitted, and send the issue or request to the correct job role or team. Using the preferences helps create consistency in the way that new issues or requests are captured on your projects.</p> <p>Note that using these preferences does not make the projects created from the template into request queues.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 9, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#new4" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New for group administrators: View and manage a group's recently deleted and restored items</a> </p> <p>We are continuing to make it easier to manage your groups and their associated objects in one place. Now you can view and work with a group's recently deleted and restored items from the Groups area. This saves you from having to go to the Recently Deleted or Recently Restored area in Setup to manage those items. And it keeps the list of group items you're working with separate from the other deleted and restored items in the system.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;August 26, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#new5" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New for group administrators: Group preferences now affect group templates</a> </p> <p>It's now easier to make sure that your group's project templates meet your group's needs. When you assign a new project template to a group at the time when you create it, the template inherits various settings from the group's project and task preferences.</p> <p>When you create a new template task within a project template that is associated with a group, the template task inherits various settings from the group's task preferences.</p> <p>Previously, project templates and project template tasks inherited these settings from the project and task preferences set at the system level.</p> <p>If you create a template or template task without a group—for example, from the main Templates page—the settings above are inherited from the system-level project and task preferences. However, if you later assign a group to the template or template task, the group's preferences don't affect it.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;August 26, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#new6" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New for administrators: Find out which custom forms are using a custom field</a> </p> <p>Now it's easier to change a custom field in a custom form. With a single click in the custom form, you can find out about any other custom forms that are also using the field. It's important to assess whether those forms will need adjustments in order to keep working properly after you make the change.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;August 19, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#new7" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New for group administrators: Lock and unlock project, task, and issue preferences for a group</a> </p> <p>Now you can ensure that everyone in your group and in its subgroups is using the same setting for a project, task, or issue preference. After a Workfront administrator unlocks a preference at the system level, you can configure it and then lock it for your group. Though you can still reconfigure a locked group preference, administrators of lower subgroups can't do so separately for their groups.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;August 12, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#new8" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New for group administrators: Create and edit templates from the Groups area</a> </p> <p>We're continuing to make it easier to manage your groups and their associated objects in one place. Now you can view and work with a group's templates from the Groups area in Setup. This saves you from having to go to the Templates area to manage a group's templates. And it keeps the list of group templates you're working on separate from the others throughout the system.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;August 12, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#enter" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Enter and save information in one attached custom form at a time</a> </p> <p>It's now easier to supply information in the Details section for an object: Type and save information in a single custom field or expandable area (such as Overview and Finance), even if required fields in other custom forms on the object are not yet filled out.</p> <p>Previously, when you entered information in one custom form or expandable area for an object, all custom forms attached to the object went into edit mode and all their required fields had to be completed before you could save your changes. This was a problem if you couldn't complete a required field because it was intended for another user.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;July 22, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#new9" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New for group administrators: Create and manage statuses for a group at any level</a> </p> <p>To make it easier for all levels of an organization to manage and control their workflows independently, we've introduced the ability to create and manage statuses for subgroups. </p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;June 3, 2021 (during the 21.3 release cycle)<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;July 22, 2021</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#new10" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New for Workfront administrators: Migrate layout templates from Workfront Classic to the new Workfront experience on your own</a> </p> <p>To help you manage layout templates while your users switch to using the new Workfront experience, we have created a button you can use to migrate layout templates from Workfront Classic to the new experience without relying on Workfront Customer Support.</p> <p>Previously, only Workfront Customer Support could migrate your layout templates from Workfront Classic to the new Workfront experience.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;July 1, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;July 15, 2021</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-admin-enhancements.md#when" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">When associating a template with a group, select a group approval process in Queue Details and Queue Topics</a> </p> <p>We have added a new option to the process of associating a template with a group. Now you can select group-specific approval processes for issues in the template's Queue Details or in one of its Queue Topics.</p> <p>In 21.3, when we added the ability to associate a group template with a group, you could select a group-specific approval process in the template, but you couldn't do so in the template's Queue Details or Queue Topics.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;July 1, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Project enhancements {#project-enhancements}

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-project-enhancements.md#include" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Include images in updates</a> </p> <p>On the Updates tab of an object, you can now add images by clicking the Image icon on the toolbar. You can also drag and drop an image into the update area. Note that your Workfront administrator must enable adding images before you can see the Image icon.</p> <p>You can add images in both updates and replies. An image thumbnail in the update indicates that recipients can preview the image in the browser or download it, and email and in-app notifications show that images are attached to the update.</p> <p>Previously, the only way to share an image in Workfront was to attach it to an object as a document. Images added on the Updates tab are only available on that tab and not on the Documents tab.</p> <p>Before Workfront users can include images in updates, this feature must first be enabled by the Adobe Workfront administrator.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 9, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-project-enhancements.md#updated" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Updated algorithm for smart assignments</a> </p> <p>We have improved the algorithm used when making smart assignments. With the new improvement, Workfront looks at the 30 most recent assignments made by the logged-in user to make suggestions when they assign tasks and issues. The list of suggestions can contain up to 50 users. </p> <p>Prior to this enhancement, Workfront was considering the assignments on the parent tasks and other user attributes related to those assignments when suggesting users.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 9, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-project-enhancements.md#new" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New experience when creating a project from a template</a> </p> <p>To make your use of Workfront consistent with the new Workfront experience, we have redesigned the interface for creating a project from template. The functionality for creating a project using a template has not changed. However, some of the improvements of this newly redesigned interface include the following:</p> 
    <ul> 
     <li> <p>Preview template information before attaching it</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>Add templates to a list of favorites during the project creation process</p> </li> 
    </ul> <p>We have updated the interface for creating the project both when you create it from the Projects as well as from the Templates area.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 9, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-project-enhancements.md#new2" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New experience when attaching templates to projects</a> </p> <p>To make your use of Workfront consistent with the new Workfront experience, we have redesigned the interface for attaching a template to a project. The functionality for attaching a template has not changed. However, there are some of the improvements of this newly redesigned interface that include the following:</p> 
    <ul> 
     <li> <p>Preview template information before attaching it</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>Add templates to a list of favorites during the attachment process</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>View all options for managing template and project settings in one continuous page</p> </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;August 26, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-project-enhancements.md#unified" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Unified duration and duration unit values for tasks</a> </p> <p>For a cleaner and more streamlined user experience, we have merged the value of the Duration field with the duration unit of time. Prior to this enhancement, the unit of time displayed in a separate drop-down field after the Duration field.</p> <p>In addition to the Duration fields in the Task Details, Edit Tasks and New Task boxes, we are also updating the following fields to match this experience:</p> 
    <ul> 
     <li> <p>Duration field when making advanced assignments</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>Leveling Delay field when creating or editing a task</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>Frequency field when creating a recurring task (available soon)</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>Lag field when adding a predecessor (available soon)</p> </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;August 19, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-project-enhancements.md#disable" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Disable adding issues inline on projects</a> </p> <p>To ensure that users provide accurate information when adding issues to projects by completing an issue form, we have introduced a new setting that allows you to manage whether they can add issues to a project or its tasks inline. This setting is enabled by default in the new Issue Settings area of the Edit Project box. Disabling it dims the Add More Issues option in the Issues section of a project so users cannot add any more issues in the list. Users can still add issues to the projects by using the New Issue option in the Issues section or using a request queue if one is configured for the project.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;August 5, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-project-enhancements.md#custom" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Custom field display improvement for checkboxes and radio buttons</a> </p> <p>Viewing and selecting checkbox and radio button options in custom forms just became easier—a custom field with many checkbox or radio button options now displays in multiple columns across the page. Previously, they displayed in a single column, which required extra scrolling for users filling out the form.</p> <p>This does depend on how you position the fields in the custom form—if you place another field in the same row with the checkbox or radio button field, the options might have only enough horizontal space to display in a single column.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;July 29, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Resource Management enhancements {#resource-management-enhancements}

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-resource-management-enhancements.md#make" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Make fast assignments in the Workload Balancer</a> </p> <p>You can now efficiently balance resources in the Workload Balancer with minimum clicks by dragging an item from the Unassigned area and dropping it on a user's line in the Assigned area. Using drag-and-drop, you can also unassign items from users and move them back to the Unassigned area, as well as move them to other users. </p> <p>Prior to this enhancement, you could only assign items by clicking the More menu of a task or an issue, then using the Assign option. Now, the Planned Hours allocated to the user update in real-time while dragging the tasks.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 9, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-resource-management-enhancements.md#new" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New default option for Workload Balancer</a> </p> <p>As part of our effort to deprecate scheduling and make the Workload Balancer Workfront's main resource assignment tool, we have made the Workfront Balancer the default option for all new users. Currently, Scheduling is the default option. This change applies to all areas where you can access Scheduling from which include the Resourcing area (in the new Adobe Workfront experience) or in the People area (in Adobe Workfront Classic), as well as at the project and team level.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 9, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-resource-management-enhancements.md#new2" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New filter experience in the Workload Balancer</a> </p> <p>We have redesigned the filter experience in the Workload Balancer to include the following additional functionality:</p> 
    <ul> 
     <li> <p>Easier, more streamlined user interface that matches the new Workfront experience</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>Additional fields that you can filter by</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>Ability to duplicate a filter</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>Sharing filters with other users</p> </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 16, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Agile enhancements {#agile-enhancements}

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-agile-enhancements.md#user" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">User assignments on Kanban and Scrum boards</a> </p> <p>We have updated the story cards on Kanban and Scrum boards to make it easier to assign a user to the story. Now you can click a team or user avatar to add an assignment when the story card is expanded. Previously, you had to locate and click a separate plus sign icon.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 9, 2021 <br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-agile-enhancements.md#configur" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Configure how dates are applied when adding work items to a Scrum iteration</a> </p> <p>By default, when you add a work item to an iteration, the Planned Start Date and Planned Completion Date on the work item are modified to match the iteration start and dates. Now you can choose to keep the original Planned Start Date and Planned Completion Date on all work items for a team.</p> <p>This option applies only to Scrum teams and not to Kanban teams.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 9, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-agile-enhancements.md#changes" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Changes to agile view on projects</a> </p> <p>As part of the 21.3 release, we made improvements to the agile card header and story boards (see <a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-project-enhancements.md#agile" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Agile card header and story board updates</a>). These updates applied to iterations as well as to the agile view on projects.</p> <p>With the 21.4 release, we are reverting these enhancements for the agile view on projects. No changes are being made to agile iterations.</p> <p>Following are the changes that are being reverted regarding the agile view on projects:</p> 
    <ul> 
     <li> <p>The story cards and board columns have adjustable widths.</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>Columns do not have background shading.</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>Cards do not have identifier labels (parent story, subtask, story, task, or issue).</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>The Parent Story column has been renamed to Stories.</p> </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 16, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-agile-enhancements.md#add" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Add new stories and issues from the Kanban board</a> </p> <p>You can now create a new story or issue directly from the Kanban board. This makes it easier to quickly add a new story without having to go to a project, report, or dashboard to create a task.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;July 22, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Reporting enhancements {#reporting-enhancements}

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-reporting-enhancements.md#new" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New look and feel for the Assignments field in updated lists and reports</a> </p> <p>To match the modern look of other areas in the new Workfront experience, the styling has changed for the Assignments field in updated lists and reports. The redesign includes a new Job role icon a new People icon for advanced assignments, a new Restricted Access icon, and more.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 8, 2021 (with the 21.2 release)<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;July 15, 2021<span class="uitext" style="color: #dc143c;">(Originally released to Production on with the 21.2 release)</span></p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-reporting-enhancements.md#new2" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New look and feel for typeahead fields in updated lists and reports</a> </p> <p>To match the modern look of other areas in the new Workfront experience, the styling has changed for typeahead fields in updated lists and reports. These changes include various enhancements.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 8, 2021 (with the 21.2 release)<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;July 15, 2021 <span class="uitext" style="color: #dc143c;">(Originally released to Production on with the 21.2 release)</span></p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Requests enhancements {#requests-enhancements}

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-requests-enhancements.md#improved" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Improved search for requests now includes special characters</a> </p> <p>To make finding request queues faster and easier when submitting requests, we have improved the search algorithm to now find queues that might contain any special characters.</p> <p>For example, you can find a request queue named "*Workfront" by typing either "*Workfront" or "Workfront" in the Request Type field.</p> <p>All special characters are supported.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;September 9, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-requests-enhancements.md#new" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New look and feel for embedded request queues in the new Workfront experience</a> </p> <p>To keep the look and feel for submitting requests the same everywhere in the new Workfront experience, we have redesigned the interface for adding requests to an embedded request queue. Prior to this enhancement, the interface for adding requests from a dashboard matched the Workfront classic environment.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;August 26, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Proofing enhancements {#proofing-enhancements}

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-proofing-enhancements.md#improved" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Improved proofing capabilities for reviewers and requestors</a> </p> <p>To provide a more integrated experience between Workfront and Proof, we've made several improvements regarding proofing capabilities for Reviewers and Requestors:</p> 
    <ul> 
     <li> <p>You can grant Moderator or Author roles to any user in Workfront, regardless of whether they have a Proofing license, giving them additional rights, like applying actions or resolving comments.</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>You can add Reviewers and Requestors to proofs that require a login or that need to be electronically signed.</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>All users also benefit from improved connectivity between Workfront and Proof. Now, when deactivating a user or updating a user's email address, your updates are correctly reflected in proofing when changed in Workfront.</p> </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;August 5, 2021 <br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release <span class="uitext" style="color: #dc143c;">(Removed from Preview and Production on October 20, 2021. Originally released to fully integrated EMEA customers only. This functionality will be reintroduced to all customers at a later time.)</span></p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Integration enhancements {#integration-enhancements}

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-integration-enhancements.md#link" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Link documents from Dropbox Business</a> </p> <p>We've added Dropbox Business as an available document integration. Now, you can access documents you have stored in Dropbox Business directly from inside Workfront.</p> <p>Dropbox Business allows you to link shared documents and upload documents to shared folders. Dropbox (not Dropbox Business) allows only the owner of the documents to view the document in Workfront.</p> <p>Your Workfront administrator can enable this integration for your organization.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><b>Available on these dates:</b> </p> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;N/A<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-integration-enhancements.md#updates" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Updates to Workfront for Slack</a> </p> <p>The following updates are now visible in the Workfront for Slack integration:</p> <p>The Workfront for Slack integration now has a new look and feel. Also, you now receive your Workfront for Slack notifications in real time. </p> <p>For example, if you are assigned to a task, you receive that notification as soon as you are assigned. </p> <p>Previously, there could be a delay before the notification appeared in Slack.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;July 29, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;July 29, 2021</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-integration-enhancements.md#more" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">More clearly see details of account access when giving consent to Adobe Workfront integrations</a> </p> <p>The consent screens for Adobe Workfront integrations are now updated. Now, you can see the specific actions and areas that the integrations has access to, so that you can better understand what you are allowing the integration or application to access.</p> <p>This new consent screen applies to any Adobe Workfront integration that uses OAuth 2.0. </p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;July 29, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;July 29, 2021</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-integration-enhancements.md#api" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">API key authentication no longer necessary for integrations</a> </p> <p>Workfront integrations have recently begun using OAuth2 for greater security and usability. As part of this move, Workfront no longer requires API keys for integrations authentication.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;August 5, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;August 5, 2021</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Mobile enhancements {#mobile-enhancements}

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-mobile-enhancements.md#review" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Review and approve proofs in the mobile app</a> </p> <p>The Adobe Workfront mobile app now displays all proof approvals assigned to you, in your list of approvals in My Work. You can review a proof document directly in the app and make a decision on it.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;N/A<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;Week of October 11, 2021</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> 
    <ul> 
     <li> <p>iOS app store</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>Android app store</p> </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-mobile-enhancements.md#create" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Create a new request from the mobile app home area</a> </p> <p>You can now create a new request from the home area in the Adobe Workfront mobile app. Tapping the "add" button in the floating navigation bar displays an option for Request in addition to Task. Previously, you had to navigate to the Requests page to create a request.</p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;N/A<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;August 4, 2021</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> 
    <ul> 
     <li> <p>iOS app store</p> </li> 
     <li> <p>Android app store</p> </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Other enhancements {#other-enhancements}

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.4-release-activity/21-4-other-enhancements.md#new" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New keyboard shortcuts for indenting and outdenting in lists</a> </p> <p>To provide an accessible experience for all system users and comply with standard keyboard navigation principles, the indent/outdent keyboard commands have changed. </p> <p>For Mac, press Option + &gt; to indent a list item and Option + &lt; to outdent. </p> <p>For Windows, press Alt + &gt; to indent a list item and Alt + &lt; to outdent.</p> <p>Previously, the keyboard shortcut for indenting in a list was Tab and outdenting was Shift + Tab. However, using the Tab key for indenting and outdenting meant that it was not possible to tab through all active fields in the interface.</p> <p>This change applies only to updated lists and not to legacy lists. </p> </td> 
   <td><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;August 12, 2021<br></p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 21.4 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> 
    <ul> 
     <li> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </li> 
     <li> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## Workfront Fusion enhancements

New features in Workfront Fusion are available in Production at a cadence outside of the 21.4 release schedule. For more information about the latest features, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/fusion-release-activity/fusion-release-activity.md).

## Workfront Scenario Planner enhancements

<!--
<p data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">There are no Scenario Planner updates at this point in the release. This area will be updated when updates are available.</p>
-->

New features are coming to Workfront Scenario Planner release with the 21.4 release. For information about these new features now available in Preview, see [Adobe Workfront Scenario Planner release activity](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/scenario-planner-release-activity/sp-release-activity.md).

<!--
<h2 data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">Workfront Proof enhancements</h2>
-->

<!--
<p data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">New features in Workfront Proof are now available. For more information, see <a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/workfront-proof-release-activity/wp-release-may-17.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Workfront Proof release activity:&nbsp;Week of May 17, 2021</a>.</p>
-->

## Workfront Goals enhancements

There are no Workfront Goals updates at this point in the release. This area will be updated when updates are available.

<!--
<p data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">Most new features coming to Workfront Goals release with the 21.2 release. For information about these new features now available in Preview, see <a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/goals-release-activity/goals-21.2-release/goals-release-21-2.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}" data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Quicksilver">Adobe Workfront Goals with the 21.2 release</a>.</p>
-->

## API version 14

For API version 14, we've modified some resources and endpoints. Some of the changes support new functionality, and others make it easier for you to use the information available through the API.

For information on what's new and updated, see [What's new in API version 14](../../../wf-api/api/new-api-version-14.md).

For information on API versions, see [API versioning and support schedule](../../../wf-api/api/api-version-support-schedule.md).

## 21.4 Release Webinar

The Workfront 21.4 Release Webinar was presented on September 23, 2021. You can view the webinar recording from the [Events page on Workfront One](https://one.workfront.com/s/event).

<!--
<div data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
<h2>Functionality being removed from Production</h2>
<h3>Feature rollback: Carry over the existing proof workflow when generating a new version</h3>
<p>Due to customer feedback, <b>Workfront is removing this change from Preview environments on March 30, 2021 and from Production environments on March 31, 2021</b>.</p>
<p>On March 11, 2021, Workfront released a change to existing proof workflows in both Workfront Classic and the new Workfront experience. The change allowed for an existing workflow to carry over to any new proof versions created by a user, regardless of the method used to generate them.</p>
<p>In the new Workfront experience after this change is removed, proofs created with the Simple proof selection will not include any preset proofing settings, and new versions will not carry over existing workflows or proof settings. A user can adjust settings after proof generation.</p>
<p>In Workfront Classic after this change is removed, the option to Generate Proof will not include any preset proofing settings, and new versions will not carry over existing workflows or proof settings. A user can adjust settings after proof generation.</p>
<p>Similar functionality to easily copy existing workflows might be added to Production at a future time.</p>
</div>
-->

## Training updates

Explore the latest updates made to learning programs, learning paths, videos, and guides for each Adobe Workfront product release. For more information, see the [Training release updates page](https://one.workfront.com/s/training-release-updates).

## Functionality no longer supported

### Internet Explorer 11

With the removal of support for Internet Explorer, Workfront now officially supports Microsoft Edge.

For more information about supported browsers, see [Adobe Workfront browser requirements](../../../workfront-basics/workfront-browser-requirements.md).
