

# 21.4 release activity:&nbsp;Week of August 2, 2021

This page describes all enhancements made with the 21.4 release to the Preview environment the week of Aug 2, 2021. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment later this year

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
the week of October 4, 2021
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

.

For a list of all changes available at this point in the 21.4 release cycle, see [22.2 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.2-release-activity/22-2-release-overview.md).

## Disable adding issues inline on projects

To ensure that users provide accurate information when adding issues to projects by completing an issue form, we have introduced a new setting that allows you to manage whether they can add issues to a project or its tasks inline. This setting is enabled by default in the new Issue Settings area of the Edit Project box. Disabling it dims the Add More Issues option in the Issues section of a project so users cannot add any more issues in the list. Users can still add issues to the projects by using the New Issue option in the Issues section or using a request queue if one is configured for the project.

>[!NOTE]
>
>This setting is available only in the new Workfront experience. Users who work in Workfront classic can still add issues inline to a project or its tasks even if this setting has been disabled for the project by a user working in the new Workfront experience.

For more information, see [Edit projects](../../../manage-work/projects/manage-projects/edit-projects.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/583120723?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/583120723/711fa5b4b4)

## Improved proofing capabilities for reviewers and requestors

>[!NOTE]
>
>Released to EMEA customers only. Functionality coming to US customers soon.

To provide a more integrated experience between Workfront and Proof, we’ve made several improvements regarding proofing capabilities for Reviewers and Requestors:

* You can grant Moderator or Author roles to any user in Workfront, regardless of whether they have a Proofing license, giving them additional rights, like applying actions or resolving comments.
* You can add Reviewers and Requestors to proofs that require a login or that need to be electronically signed.
* All users also benefit from improved connectivity between Workfront and Proof. Now, when deactivating a user or updating a user’s email address, your updates are correctly reflected in proofing when changed in Workfront.

For more information, see [Proof Roles overview](../../../review-and-approve-work/proofing/proofing-overview/proof-roles.md).

## API key authentication no longer necessary for integrations

Workfront integrations have recently begun using OAuth2 for greater security and usability. As part of this move, Workfront no longer requires API keys for integrations authentication.

&nbsp;
