---
filename: 21-2-mar-22
content-type: release-notes
keywords: notes,quarterly,update
navigation-topic: 2021-2-release-activity
title: 21.2 release activity: Week of March 22, 2021
description: This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 21.2 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.
---

# 21.2 release activity:&nbsp;Week of March 22, 2021

This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 21.2 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available with the 21.2 release, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## Improvements to the requests workflow

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience

As we continue to listen to and incorporate your feedback, we have added several improvements to the new requests workflow to make your interaction with Adobe Workfront easier and more intuitive. These improvements are:

* You can select where to place the Documents section for uploading files when creating a request queue as you are defining the Queue Setup. You can place this section either before or after the custom fields of the request form. For more information, see Create a Request Queue.
* Sorting the Submitted requests list by one of the columns is now preserved when you navigate away from the page. For more information, see Locate submitted requests.
* When creating a new request, the Submit and Cancel buttons are now located at the bottom of the New request form. For more information, see Create and submit Workfront requests.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/529398888?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/529398888/a1f8b351d2)

## For group administrators: View and manage more group objects from the Groups page

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience

We are continuing to make it easier to manage your groups and their associated objects in one place. Now you can view and work with your group’s companies, teams, and portfolios from the Groups area in Setup. This saves you from having to go to the various Setup pages for these objects to manage them for your group. And it keeps the list of group objects you’re looking at separate from those of the other groups in the system.

For more information, see the following articles:

* Create and modify a group’s companies 
* Create and modify a group’s projects 
* Create and modify a group’s teams

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/528565760?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/528565760/e545487892)

## Search for folders in document integrations

To make it easier for you to navigate your document integrations, we've made it possible to search for folders. Now, when you enter a term in the search bar, Workfront will return documents, folders, and subfolders that contain the search term in their names.

Previously, subfolders could only be located by opening the parent folders.

For more information, see [Link documents from external applications](../../../documents/adding-documents-to-workfront/link-documents-from-external-apps.md).

## Updates to object status search responses

Workfront now stores object statuses in a new way.

These changes do not affect how status search requests are made. However, API requests containing an object status search will return an incomplete list of group statuses.

For more information, see [Core API changes: Status search responses](../../../wf-api/api/api-changes-search.md) .

## Event subscription payloads updated to include all fields ending in ID

All event subscription payloads now contain every field that ends in "ID".

It's important to note that each object has its own unique set of associated fields, which includes a unique set of associated fields that end in ID. This means that while each payload contains all of that object's associated fields that end in ID, each object has a different set of fields that end in ID.
