---
filename: 21-2-apr-12
content-type: release-notes
keywords: notes,quarterly,update
navigation-topic: 2021-2-release-activity
title: 21.2 release activity: Week of April 12, 2021
description: This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 21.2 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.
---

# 21.2 release activity:&nbsp;Week of April 12, 2021

This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 21.2 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available with the 21.2 release, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## Proof decision now visible in the Documents list

>[!NOTE]
>
>Available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

The overall proof decision is now visible on the default document list view.

With this enhancement, you can easily see all proofs that have an overall decision directly within the default list view. This makes it extremely simple to spot your proof progress without needing to navigate to different pages.

Previously, you were required to go to the document details and proof workflow in order to view the overall proof decision, which required multiple clicks.

For more information about proof decisions, see [The Documents area](../../../documents/managing-documents/documents-area.md).

## Restrict hour on in projects and reports

To provide more control over hour editing on the Hours tab in a project and Hour reports, we've added a setting that allows Workfront administrators to restrict hour editing to hour owners and system administrators.

Previously, users with Timesheets & hours enabled in their access level could edit hours.

For more information, see [Configure timesheet and hour preferences](../../../administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/configure-timesheets-schedules/timesheet-and-hour-preferences.md).
