---
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: product-releases
title: 2020.2 release overview
description: The 2020.2 release was made available in the Production environment the week of May 11, 2020. For the most up-to-date information regarding the release status, see the Workfront Status Site. This page provides information about the functionality included in the 2020.2 release.
author: Luke
feature: Product Announcements
exl-id: 88a97b1e-4052-485e-8566-963c6ba640b9
---
# 2020.2 release overview

The 2020.2 release was made available in the Production environment the week of May 11, 2020. 

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
For the most up-to-date information regarding the release status, see the
<a href="https://status.workfront.com/" target="_blank">Workfront Status Site</a>.
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
This page provides information about the functionality included in the 2020.2 release.
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

This page provides information about functionality for both Adobe Workfront Classic and the new Adobe Workfront experience that is included in the 2020.2 release.

<!--
<p data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">As the 2020.2 release nears its planned Production release, this page will be updated with all functionality included with 2020.2.</p>
-->

<!--
<p data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode"> These enhancements are currently available in the Preview environment and will be made available in the Production environment the week of May 11, 2020. For specific release dates and times for each cluster, see the <a href="https://status.workfront.com/" target="_blank">Workfront Status Site</a>. </p>
-->

<!--
<p data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode"> <MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly">
To download this page in PDF&nbsp;format, go
<a href="https://documentation.my.workfront.com/library/a/9f5c9e44-c9a9-4f33-beec-9e5dc2e0fdc2" target="_blank">here</a>.
</MadCap:conditionalText> </p>
-->

## Enhancements for administrators

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-other-enhancements.md#for" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">For Workfront administrators: Newer Layout Templates created in Workfront Classic now available in the new Workfront experience</a> </p> <p>Layout Templates created in Workfront Classic after Fall 2019 are now available in the new Workfront experience. It's a good idea to update these Layout Templates in the new Workfront experience to take advantage of new functionality and make them as useful as possible to users in that environment. </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;N/A</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;April 6, 2020</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-project-enhancements.md#for2" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">For Workfront administrators: Improved design in Project Preferences</a> </p> <p>The experience of setting project preferences is now more intuitive and easy to use.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 13, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-project-enhancements.md#for" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">For Workfront administrators: New failsafe when the project status for new projects is hidden or unlocked</a> </p> <p>To make sure that new projects always have a status, even if an administrator hides or unlocks the status configured for new projects, the system now assigns the first status in the Status list to all new projects until you configure the new status for new projects once again.</p> <p>For information about setting the preference for the status of all new projects, see <a href="../../../administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/configure-system-defaults/set-project-preferences.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Configure system-wide project preferences</a>.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 13, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## Enhancements for all users

<!--
<p data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">Some functionality was released prior to the 2020.1 release. To see what was released prior to the 2020.1 release, see <a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.1-release-activity/prior-to-2020.1.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Other Workfront Classic features released to Production prior to the 2020.1 release</a>.</p>
-->

The 2020.2 release contains the following enhancements for all users:

* [Resource Management enhancements: The Workload Balancer](#resource-management-enhancements-the-workload-balancer) 
* [Project enhancements](#project-enhancements) 
* [Proofing enhancements](#proofing-enhancements) 
* [Mobile enhancements](#mobile-enhancements) 
* [Other enhancements](#other-enhancements)

### Resource Management enhancements:&nbsp;The Workload Balancer {#resource-management-enhancements-the-workload-balancer}

People are a Tier 1 asset. With the Workload Balancer, you can protect them from burnout and empower them to do their best work, while aligning them to key company strategies.

Introducing a reimagined scheduling experience that allows you to visualize and manage people's workloads and demand in the same view. The user interface provides clear visual mapping of over and underutilization and is transparent to all stakeholders. People managers can use that information as an input and from the same screen rebalance the effort through the timeline, which is then reflected in the rest of the Workfront platform.

>[!NOTE]
>
>The Workload Balancer began releasing as a beta with the 2019.4 release. All Workload Balancer enhancements are generally available with the 2020.2 release. The following enhancements were added with the 2020.2 release. For an overview of the Workload Balancer, see [Workload Balancer overview](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/overview-workload-balancer.md).

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-resource-management.md#a" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">A more convenient way to update allocations in the Workload Balancer</a> </p> <p>To make it more convenient to manage a user's allocations to a work item in the Workload Balancer, you can now double-click the work item. You can also still use the existing Edit allocations menu option. In addition, you are no longer required to enable displaying allocations to be able to update them.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;May 8, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release <span style="color: #ff0000;">(Removed from release; will be available in Preview and Production in a phased rollout soon after the 2020.2 release.)</span></p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-resource-management.md#update" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Update Task Planned Hours in the Workload Balancer</a> </p> <p>A new option in the Resource Management area of the access level now allows users with this access to edit Planned Hours from the Workload Balancer. When you adjust allocations in the Workload Balancer, the total of daily allocations does not need to match the number of Planned Hours of the tasks. Once you save your allocations, the total of the allocation hours will become the Planned Hours of the task. This is only possible for tasks that have a Simple Duration Type.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;May 8, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release <span style="color: #ff0000;">(Removed from release; will be available in Preview and Production in a phased rollout soon after the 2020.2 release.)</span></p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-resource-management.md#adjust" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Adjust daily and weekly allocation in the Workload Balancer</a> </p> <p>To avoid the burnout of your resources, you can now adjust your users' daily and weekly allocation to work using the Workload Balancer. </p> <p>Prior to this enhancement, this was only possible using the Resource Scheduling tools.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 10, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release <span style="color: #ff0000;">(Removed from release; will be available in Preview and Production in a phased rollout soon after the 2020.2 release.)</span></p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-resource-management.md#workload" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Workload Balancer filters</a> </p> <p>To make the information in the Workload Balancer relevant to you, you can now create filters for both the Unassigned Work and the Assigned Work areas of the Workload Balancer and save them for future use. You can then edit the saved version to make small changes to it instead of starting from scratch with a new filter.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 10, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-resource-management.md#show" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Show remaining hours in the Workload Balancer</a> </p> <p>To help you make correct assignment decisions, a new setting now allows you to view the difference of hours between the hours a user is available to work according to their schedule and the hours that they have already been allocated to work (the remaining hours). The new setting is now available in the Workload Balancer.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 10, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-resource-management.md#show2" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Show daily Planned Hours for tasks and projects in the Unassigned Work area of the Workload Balancer</a> </p> <p>To help you understand how tasks will affect the workload of your users before you assign them, the "Show allocations" setting is now managing what information displays in the Unassigned Work area of the Workload Balancer. When this setting is enabled, Planned Hours for both tasks and projects display in the Unassigned Work area of the Workload Balancer.</p> <p>Prior to this change, this setting was updating only information in the Assigned Work area of the Balancer.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 10, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience (Previously available only for tasks)</p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-resource-management.md#new2" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New Settings box for the Workload Balancer</a> </p> <p>To streamline your experience, a Settings box is now available that displays additional tools to update the view in the Workload Balancer. This box includes the following settings:</p> 
    <ul> 
     <li>Group by Project</li> 
     <li>Display either the Allocated hours or the Remaining hours for your tasks and projects.</li> 
    </ul> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 10, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-resource-management.md#share" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Share the Workload Balancer with a link</a> </p> <p>You can now share your people's workload with executives so that they can have context about your staffing needs. For this, you can now share the Workload Balancer by sharing a unique URL to the Workload Balancer with anyone else.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 10, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-resource-management.md#alter" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Alter the date range in the Workload Balancer</a> </p> <p>To further help you customize the timeline duration for the Workload Balancer to match your needs, you can now select a custom period of 2, 4, or 6 weeks to display at one time. </p> <p>Prior to this enhancement, the Workload Balancer always displayed information starting with the current week.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 10, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience (Previously available)</p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-resource-management.md#removing" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Removing the "beta" label from the Workload Balancer </a> </p> <p>With the 2020.2 release, the Workload Balancer will no longer in a beta state and you will be able to use the Resource Balancer to review and manage your resource assignments and allocations. The "beta" label has been removed in the Preview environment. This same change will be made with the 20.2 Production release. For information about the Workload Balancer, see <a href="../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/overview-workload-balancer.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Workload Balancer overview</a>.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;May 8, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Project enhancements {#project-enhancements}

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-project-enhancements.md#moving" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Moving and copying tasks to another project keeps the task constraint when tasks can fit within the project's timeline</a> </p> <p>We have made an improvement to the way Workfront handles the date-specific Task Constraint of a task when you copy the task or move it to another project. Examples of date-specific Task Constraints are Must Start on, Must Finish On, Fixed Dates, Start No Later Than, and so forth..</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 10, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-project-enhancements.md#selected" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Selected Filter, View, and Grouping retained in Report lists</a> </p> <p>Previously, after a user applied a Filter, View, or Grouping to a Report list and then navigated away from that page, the default Filter, View, or Grouping appeared the next time the user navigated to that same report.</p> <p>Now, the last Filter, View, or Grouping applied to a specific report is selected, even if the user logs out and back in to Workfront.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 10, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-project-enhancements.md#preventi" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Preventing data loss while making changes in the Details tab or a task list</a> </p> <p>To prevent data loss when you are updating information on the Details page on an object or tasks in a task list at the project level when saving changes manually, a warning message now displays, to notify you that you have unsaved changes before you navigate away. The only actions allowed before you save your changes are subscribing or adding the object to your favorites.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 22, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Proofing enhancements {#proofing-enhancements}

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p>&nbsp;</p> <p>To streamline collaboration on proofs, guest comments appear in the Updates area.</p> <p>Previously, Proof comments made by guests were available only in the proof.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 1, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p>&nbsp;</p> <p>If your firewall or mail server is configured to allow access only to specific vendors, you must add the following additional URL to your whitelist to ensure that users in your organization can view proofs within Workfront in both the browser proofing viewer and the desktop proofing viewer:</p> <p>*.workfront.com</p> <p>The *proofhq.com URL is also still required.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;N/A</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;May 9, 2020</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Mobile enhancements {#mobile-enhancements}

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-mobile-enhancements.md#help" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Help us test the new mobile Virtual Assistant in beta</a> </p> <p>We are releasing a new virtual assistant to the Workfront mobile app for both Android and iOS beta testers.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 1, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;TBD (This will release after the 2020.2 release, in the second half of 2020.)</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>Mobile beta application only. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Other enhancements {#other-enhancements}

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><strong>Feature</strong> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Release dates and environments</strong> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-other-enhancements.md#group-sp" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Group-specific Approval Processes are available for all objects</a> </p> <p>To fully utilize group-specific approval processes, you can now add them to tasks, issues, and projects when you edit these objects.</p> <p>You can also automatically attach a group-specific approval process to a task in the Tasks area of the Edit Project box, as well as to issues, when configuring request queues or Queue Topics on a project.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;May 8, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-other-enhancements.md#create" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Create approval processes for groups using custom statuses</a> </p> <p>To make it easier for groups to manage their own unique workflows, you can now use group-specific custom statuses in approval processes.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 10, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-other-enhancements.md#new" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New overlay pages for Search</a> </p> <p>To allow users to more easily navigate back and forth between search pages and previous pages in the new Workfront experience, we've added a search overlay page that partially covers the screen.</p> <p>Now, when you click Advanced Search in the Search menu or perform a basic search, a page slides open from the right side of the screen.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;April 25, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;With the 2020.2 release</p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td> <p><a href="../../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-other-enhancements.md#updates" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Updates to Event Subscriptions</a> </p> <p>To better enable users to triage, troubleshoot, and resolve issues, we've modified behavior and added more data to the Event Subscriptions API. </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><strong>Available on these dates:</strong> </p> <p>Beta Preview release:&nbsp;May 1, 2020</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;May 8, 2020 </p> <p><strong>Available in these environments:</strong> </p> <p>The new Adobe Workfront experience </p> <p>Adobe Workfront Classic </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## API&nbsp;enhancements

API&nbsp;version 11 released with the 2020.1 release. For information about what's new and updated, see [What's new in API version 11](../../../wf-api/api/new-api-version-11.md) [What's new in API version 11](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/What-s-new-in-API-version-11-1760875145).

For more information about API versions, see [API versioning and support schedule](../../../wf-api/api/api-version-support-schedule.md) [API Version Release and Support Schedule](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/API-Version-Release-and-Support-Schedule-272875487?language=en_US&r=13&ui-comm-runtime-components-aura-components-siteforce-qb.Quarterback.validateRoute=1&ui-communities-components-aura-components-forceCommunity-breadcrumbs.Breadcrumbs.getAncestors=1&ui-communities-components-aura-components-forceCommunity-seoAssistant.SeoAssistant.getSeoData=1&ui-force-components-controllers-recordGlobalValueProvider.RecordGvp.getRecord=1&ui-self-service-components-controller.ArticleTopicList.getTopics=1&ui-self-service-components-controller.ArticleView.getArticleHeaderDetail=1).

## Workfront Maintenance Updates

For information about the maintenance updates made during the 2020.1 release, see [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Workfront-Maintenance-Updates-1882317350).

## Announcements

* [Change in Preview release cadence](#change-in-preview-release-cadence) New!

* [Adding additional domains to the allowlist required for accessing Workfront](#adding-additional-domains-to-the-allowlist-required-for-accessing-workfront) 
* [Workfront One](#workfront-one) 
* [2020.1 Release Webinar](#2020-1-release-webinar) 
* [Q1 Product Roadmap Webinar](#q1-product-roadmap-webinar)

### Change in Preview release cadence {#change-in-preview-release-cadence}

Starting on May 20, 2020, Workfront will begin to make functionality available in the Preview environment on a weekly basis. Prior to this change, functionality was typically released to the Preview environment every two weeks.

For more information, see [Change in Workfront preview release cadence FAQ](https://one.workfront.com/s/article/Change-in-Workfront-Preview-release-cadence)

### Adding additional domains to the allowlist required for accessing Workfront {#adding-additional-domains-to-the-allowlist-required-for-accessing-workfront}

If your organization uses a firewall, you must add the following additional domains to your allowlist in order to ensure uninterrupted access to Workfront:

* event.split.io
* sdk.split.io

For more information, see the [Configure your firewall's allowlist](../../../administration-and-setup/get-started-wf-administration/configure-your-firewall.md#urls) section in [Configure your firewall's allowlist](../../../administration-and-setup/get-started-wf-administration/configure-your-firewall.md).

### Workfront One {#workfront-one}

With Workfront One, you'll discover the most important content, resources, and news from Workfront —all in one place, with one login. We've unified the Experience, Community, and Training sites making it easier to find what you're looking for.

[Learn more about Workfront One](https://www.workfront.com/campaigns/workfront-one).

### 2020.1 Release Webinar {#2020-1-release-webinar}

View the 2020.1 release webinar recording [here](https://webinars.on24.com/workfront/product_roadmap032620?partnerref=blog).

### Q1 Product Roadmap Webinar {#q1-product-roadmap-webinar}

Learn more about what's to come during the [Q1 Roadmap webinar](https://webinars.on24.com/workfront/product_roadmap032620?partnerref=announcementcenter). This webinar was held on March 26, 2020. Click the link to register and watch the recording on demand.

Test
