

# 20.4 release activity:&nbsp;Week of October 12, 2020

This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 20.4 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available with the 20.4 release, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## New for administrators: Control how a custom field is shared

To give you greater control over who can edit, delete, and use custom fields you create, we have added the ability to configure exactly how you want them shared.

Up until now, when you created a custom field, it was editable by everyone in the system. This is still the default state of a custom field, but now you can limit the sharing of a custom field to certain users, roles, teams, groups, and companies. And you can determine whether your recipients can manage or only view the custom field.

Also, to make this experience familiar for you, we’ve designed the user interface for this capability to be similar to other object areas sharing throughout Workfront.

For more information, see [Configure sharing for custom fields and widgets](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/configure-sharing-for-a-custom-field.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/468260023?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/468260023/5aa0e72e0f)

## New for administrators: Standardized Custom Form sharing

We have standardized sharing for Custom Forms so you can use the same Workfront object sharing process you already know. And the new sharing experience gives you greater control over who can edit, delete, and use Custom Forms you create. You can limit sharing for a Custom Form to certain users, roles, teams, groups, and companies. And you can determine whether those recipients can view or manage the Custom Form.

For more information, see [Share a custom form](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/share-access-to-a-custom-form.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/468263599?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/468263599/76731363ab)

## New look and feel for 3 email templates

To improve the readability and overall experience, the following email templates have a new look and feel:

* New Work Request
* A Dependent Task You're Assigned to Is Now Ready to Start
* Team Email Notification with Predecessor Complete

To enable email for testing purposes in your Preview environment, see the Managing emails in preview section in [Enable delivery of emails from the Preview Sandbox environment](../../../workfront-basics/using-notifications/enable-delivery-emails-from-preview-sandbox-environment.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/468333260?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/468333260/3d58c57706)

## New email notifications for teams

We've added the following email notification for teams:

* A predecessor of a task assigned to my team is completed: The team assigned receives an email notification when a predecessor of one of their tasks is marked complete.
* All predecessors of a task assigned to my team are completed: The team assigned receives an email notification for each predecessor that is marked complete.

For more information, see [Notifications: Information about work assigned to me](../../../workfront-basics/using-notifications/notifications-information-about-work-assigned-to-me.md).

## Quickly add an iteration

To simplify the experience of creating an iteration, we've added a new button that allows you to add an iteration from the iterations tab. Here, you can create an iteration, then add tasks and issues later.

You can still create an iteration on the backlog tag as before.

For more information, see [Create an iteration](../../../agile/use-scrum-in-an-agile-team/iterations/create-an-iteration.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/468254955?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/468254955/4793074696)

## Publish scenarios to update and create projects from the Workfront Scenario Planner

A new capability in the Workfront Scenario Planner now allows you to publish a scenario and map its initiatives to regular projects. This creates projects from existing initiatives or updates projects already linked to initiatives that have been imported in the plan. Initiative information transfers to the projects, saving you time in data entry and ensuring accuracy.

Included in this new functionality are the following:

* A new “Go to publish” button for the scenario that you decide to publish in the Scenario Planner
* New Scenario Planner area in the Project Details section that captures information about the initiative linked to the project
* Ability to add or remove the Scenario Planner area from Project Details using a Layout Template
* A new filter (the Scenario Planner Projects filter) displays projects published from the Scenario Planner in the Projects area
* Initiatives information in the project updates stream
* Initiative information in reports (full functionality coming soon)

For information about publishing a plan, see [Update or create projects by publishing initiatives in the Scenario Planner](../../../scenario-planner/publish-scenarios-update-projects.md).

Watch the following video to understand how you can create a project by publishing a scenario:

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/468341019?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/468341019/0af7269c51)

Watch the following video to understand how you can update a project previously imported on a plan by publishing a scenario:

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/468342122?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/468342122/11bb642ac6)

## Share plans in the Scenario Planner

To invite other users to collaborate with you when working in the Workfront Scenario Planner, you can now share plans that you created with other users. If you could access a plan you did not create with a link before this improvement, the plan must be shared with you now before you can access it.

For information about sharing a plan in the Scenario Planner, see [Share a plan in the Scenario Planner](../../../scenario-planner/share-a-plan.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/468347771?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/468347771/c38e5cd092)

## Export custom forms from the Details section of a project, task, or issue

You can now export the custom form information to a .pdf file. You can export custom forms from projects, tasks, or issues when you access the form in the Details section of the objects.

For information about exporting custom forms from an object, see [Export custom forms and object details](../../../workfront-basics/work-with-custom-forms/export-custom-forms-details.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/468338587?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/468338587/706192ec4c) 
