

# 20.4 release activity:&nbsp;Week of October 5, 2020

This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 20.4 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available with the 20.4 release, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## New for administrators:&nbsp;Switch Workfront environment option available

For a more efficient and convenient experience, Group administrators and Workfront administrators can now quickly switch between different Workfront environments from any page in Workfront without having to log out.

In the new Workfront experience, the option Switch to Classic appears in the Main Menu.

In Workfront Classic, the option Switch to the new experience appears in the menu that displays when clicking the profile picture in the top-right corner of the Global Navigation Bar.

For more information, see [Enroll users in the new Adobe Workfront experience](../../../administration-and-setup/add-users/create-and-manage-users/enroll-users-new-workfront-experience.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/466353836?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/466353836/c1f3faa632)

## New for administrators: Administrators for a group assigned to a company can manage the company

We have made it easy for a Group Administrator to manage a company that is associated with their group in Workfront. Access to manage the company is automatically available when the association is made. This is especially important when the Group Administrator does not have administrative access to companies.

For more information, see [Create and edit companies](../../../administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/organizational-setup/create-and-edit-companies.md).

For information about administrative access to companies, see [Grant users administrative access to certain areas](../../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/grant-users-admin-access-certain-areas.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/466659070?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/466659070/870bf7b974)

## New for administrators: Email notification enhancements

Now, with a single click, you can enable or disable an event email notification in Setup. Just click the On/Off switch next to the name of the notification.

Also, notice our modern styling now improving the experience of configuring event notifications in the Email Notifications area.

For information about configuring email notifications, see [Configure event notifications for everyone in the system](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-workfront/emails/configure-event-notifications-for-everyone-in-the-system.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/466660243?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/466660243/af773312e4)

<!--
New look and feel for 3 email templates To improve the readability and overall experience, the following email templates have a new look and feel: New Work Request A Dependent Task You're Assigned to Is Now Ready to Start Team Email Notification with Predecessor Complete To enable email for testing purposes in your Preview environment, see the Managing emails in preview section in Enable delivery of emails from the Preview Sandbox environment. New email notifications for teams We've added the following email notification for teams: A predecessor of a task assigned to my team is completed: The team assigned receives an email notification when a predecessor of one of their tasks is marked complete. All predecessors of a task assigned to my team are completed: The team assigned receives an email notification for each predecessor that is marked complete. For more information, see Notifications: Information about work assigned to me.
-->

## Plan work using Work Effort instead of Planned Hours

To give you flexibility when you’re planning work on your projects, we have introduced the new concept of Work Effort for tasks. You can estimate whether the Work Effort for a task is small, medium, or large without manually estimating the Planned Hours for the task. Each level of effort is calculated based on a percentage of time from the typical hours per day as configured in your instance.

The following improvements are now available with this new feature:

* Enable this setting for projects and templates to make it available for tasks and template tasks
* Update this setting for each task with a Simple Duration Type which automatically updates the Planned Hours of the task
* Disable this setting using a Layout Template for users who would rather continue using Planned Hours.
* Display the value of this new field in a task list or report.

For information about Work Effort, see [Work Effort overview](../../../manage-work/tasks/task-information/work-effort.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/466596422?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/466596422/ec0cbb4207)

## Project status-based colors for work items in the Workload Balancer

For better visibility and increased customization of your experience in the Workload Balancer, you can now change the colors of the projects and their work items to match the status of the projects' status. The colors correspond to group-level or system-level project statuses. The colors displayed can correspond to both system as well as custom project statuses.

For information about customizing the view in the Workload Balancer, see [Navigate the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/navigate-the-workload-balancer.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/466356013?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/466356013/bc6ca45519)

## Adjust user allocation using percentage values in the Workload Balancer

You can now manage your users' allocations in the Workload Balancer using percentages instead of hours.

For information about managing allocations in the Workload Balancer, see [Manage user allocations in the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/manage-user-allocations-workload-balancer.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/466356815?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/466356815/e98e15f5e6)

## Pagination and sorting added to Enhanced analytics

To allow you to view the information you want to see without having to apply restrictive filters, we’ve made the following changes:

* The project count in the top-right corner of the screen displays only the total amount of projects within the applied filters.
* Each chart now allows you to view additional projects in groups of 50 (e.g., 51-100, 150-200, and so on) by selecting a page number to jump to a specific set of projects or using the arrows to navigate forward and backward between pages. Selecting a new page on one chart updates projects for the entire screen.
* Each chart now has a Sort by menu that allows you to sort alphabetically, by the Planned Start Date, or by the Planned Completion Date.

Previously, the Enhanced analytics area limited the amount of projects that you could look at to 50.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/466354598?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/466354598/60776d7280)

## Carry over the existing proof workflow when generating a new version

Now, the existing proof workflow carries over to any new versions you create, no matter the method in which they are generated.

Previously, there was a slight difference in how the proof workflow was carried over depending on where you generated them in Workfront.

For more information, see [Create a new version of a proof](../../../review-and-approve-work/proofing/managing-proofs-within-workfront/create-new-proof-version.md).

## New Metrics section available in projects

>[!NOTE]
>
>This functionality is not yet available but is coming soon to the Preview environment. It will be made available in Production with the 20.4 release.

To save time and increase understanding of the overall health of a project, there is now a Metrics section available in a project that includes information around the following:

* Work that is complete, incomplete, overdue, and upcoming
* Task and issue amounts grouped by status or priority
* Work effort assigned to each user

You can make selections on the charts to see different aspects of the tasks and issues in a project and click certain elements to display task information.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/466352367?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/466352367/4d21ec5ee2)

## Added functionality in Microsoft Teams notifications

>[!NOTE]
>
>This functionality is not yet available but is coming soon to the Preview environment. It will be made available in Production with the 20.4 release.

To make it easier for you to use Workfront through Microsoft Teams, we've added some new functionality to Microsoft Teams notifications sent from Workfront.

* We've expanded the types of notifications you can receive in Microsoft Teams. Now you can receive notifications about a greater variety of events, such as when someone comments on your timesheet or wants you to approve a document.
* You can now comment and reply directly in the notification. Your comments and replies appear in Workfront in the work item's update stream.
* We've made it possible for you to see a work item's custom forms in the notification, and expand the custom form to see its fields.

For more information, see [Manage Adobe Workfront notifications in Microsoft Teams](../../../workfront-integrations-and-apps/using-workfront-with-microsoft-teams/manage-wf-notifications-approval-requests-ms-teams.md).
