

# 20.4 release activity:&nbsp;Week of September 7

This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 20.4 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available with the 20.4 release, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## Document approval buttons available in the Proofing Viewer

To align with the proofing experience in Classic, the document approval buttons are now available in the Proofing Viewer in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

Previously, you could approve a document only from the Document Details area.

For more information, see [Make a decision on a proof in the proofing viewer](../../../review-and-approve-work/proofing/reviewing-proofs-within-workfront/make-a-decision-on-a-proof/make-decisions-on-proof.md).

## Visualize completed work in the Workload Balancer

To allow you to easily identify work that has already been completed so you can manage user assignments correctly, we have enabled a visual indicator in the Workload Balancer that shows when items for a selected time frame have been completed. You can now see a green check mark for tasks, issues when they are completed. The project also displays the green check mark when there are work items completed during the time frame displayed on the screen.

For information about viewing information in the Workload Balancer, see [Navigate the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/navigate-the-workload-balancer.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/456734180?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/456734180/9cbac45fa3)

## New Default filter for the Assigned Work area in the Workload Balancer

The Default filter for the Assigned Work area in the Workload Balancer now displays only users that are members of all the teams that you, as the logged-in user, are associated with. The new filter now displays the most relevant information to you, by default.

Before this enhancement, all users that you had access to view displayed in this area.

For information about using filters in the Workload Balancer, see [Manage filters in the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/filter-information-workload-balancer.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/456735424?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/456735424/b331b63886)

## New API&nbsp;objects that trigger event subscription updates

Two new API objects, documentVersion and proofApproval, were created and are configured to trigger event subscription updates when a document is versioned or approved.

For a full list of fields that are associated with each object, please see [Event subscription resource fields](../../../wf-api/api/event-sub-resource-fields.md).
