

# 20.4 release activity:&nbsp;Week of Sept 14, 2020

This page describes all *[Product Area]* enhancements made with the *20.4* release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available with the *20.4* release, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## Auto-generate a proof when uploading a document setting disabled by default

The option in the user profile to automatically generate proofs when uploading documents is now disabled by default for new proofing users. This change does not affect current users. If you have this setting enabled, it will remain so.

Previously, this setting was enabled for new users by default.

For more information on how this setting works, see [Configure My Settings](../../../workfront-basics/manage-your-account-and-profile/configuring-your-user-profile/configure-my-settings.md).

## Create a task quickly in the Workfront mobile app

Use the new quick task option in the Workfront mobile app to quickly create tasks. Simply enter the task name and attach any documents you might have. You can still fill in additional fields like descriptions and assignments if needed. Just click the arrow to the right of the task name.

Previously, the description and assignments fields were always visible when creating a task.

For more information, see

* [Adobe Workfront for iOS](../../../workfront-basics/mobile-apps/using-the-workfront-mobile-app/workfront-for-ios.md) 
* [Adobe Workfront for Android](../../../workfront-basics/mobile-apps/using-the-workfront-mobile-app/workfront-for-android.md)

