---
filename: goals-release-21-1
product: workfront-goals
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: goals-release-activity
title: Adobe Workfront Goals with the 21.1 release
description: This page provides information about functionality for Adobe Workfront Goals in the new Adobe Workfront experience that is releasing to the Production environment with the 21.1 release.
---

# `Adobe Workfront Goals` with the 21.1 release

This page provides information about functionality for `Adobe Workfront Goals` in `the new Adobe Workfront experience` that is releasing to the Production environment with the 21.1 release.

For a list of all changes available for all areas of `Workfront` at this point in the 21.1 release cycle, see [21.1 release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.1-release-activity/21-1-release-overview.md).

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates and environments</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Consistent naming between goal progress and project condition New in Preview! We have updated the names of the goal Progress field to match that of the Project Condition. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: January 13, 2021 Production release: With the 21.1 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Consistent navigation and toolbar with new filter experience in Workfront Goals New in Preview! To create a familiar experience across all Workfront products, we have redesigned the main navigation and the goal lists in Workfront Goals. This new design is consistent with the way you interact with all other areas and lists in Workfront Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: January 13, 2021 Production release: With the 21.1 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Improvements to updating results in the Goal Details panel New in Preview! To incorporate some of the feedback we have received from you, we have made various improvements to adding and editing results in the Goal Details panel. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: January 13, 2021 Production release: With the 21.1 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Redesigned Goal Alignment section New in Preview! To improve your interaction with it and make it more user-friendly, we have redesigned the Goal Alignment section for Workfront Goals. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: January 13, 2021 Production release: With the 21.1 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience New workflow for aligning goals We have improved the way aligning a goal works. Now, you can see a new “Align to another goal” link in the Goal Details panel where you can align your goal to a parent goal. Prior to this improvement, the option to align a goal was not readily visible. Instead, it was one of the options listed in the gear icon of the “Align to” section of Goal Details. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: December 17, 2020 Production release: With the 21.1 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Updated the color for the Draft status of goals Based on the feedback we have received from you, we have updated the Draft status for goals to yellow. Prior to this enhancement the color for drafted goals was red which might have been perceived as an error or a problem. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: December 17, 2020 Production release: With the 21.1 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Goals notifications integrated with Workfront user profile notifications To allow you to manage your email notifications in one place, we have moved the notifications related to events occurring in Workfront Goals to the user profile area of Workfront. With this update, the Settings section in Workfront Goals has been removed and a new Goals category has been added to the Notifications area of your user profile. Notifications that you had enabled in the Settings area of Workfront Goals have been enabled by default in Workfront as instant notifications. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: December 2, 2020 Production release: With the 21.1 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Visualize Workfront Goals license count in the Setup area As a Workfront administrator, you can now view the number of Workfront Goals licenses in the System area of Setup. You can view the following information: The total number of Workfront Goals licenses that your company has purchased The number of Workfront Goals licenses associated with users. This is the number of users to whom to have granted at least View access to Goals in their access level. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: November 20, 2020 Production release: December 3, 2020 Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Eliminate the “My Teams” tab for users without teams To eliminate the confusion of displaying an empty tab, we have removed the "My Teams" tab from users who are not assigned to any teams. Prior to this change, if a user didn’t belong to any teams, the My Teams tab was empty. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: November 20, 2020 Production release: With the 21.1 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience 
 </tbody> 
</table>

