

# 22.2 release activity:&nbsp;Week of March 7, 2022

This page describes all enhancements made with the 22.2 release to the Preview environment the week of March 7, 2022. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment in July 2022

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
the week of April 4, 2022
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

.For a list of all changes available at this point in the 22.2 release cycle, see [22.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.3-release-activity/22-3-release-overview.md).

## Blueprints catalog is available to all users, and administrators can allow requests

All Adobe Workfront users can now browse the catalog of available blueprints. For more information, see Browse the blueprints catalog and request installation of blueprints.

Additionally, the system administrator can enable access for users to request installation of blueprints. Assigning a request queue to store the requests allows users to make requests from the blueprints catalog.

For more information, see Configure access to blueprints.

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/686442426?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/686442426/10adf97900)

## For administrators: Add an image to a custom form

In a custom form that you create or edit, you can now add an image and include an informational or instructive tooltip that users can read when they hover over the image.

This could be helpful, for example, to show branding for a new product, or to provide visual information that people need when they are filling out the form.

Previously, custom forms were completely text based.

For more information, see Add or edit an image widget in a custom form.

## Adobe Workfront with Anaplan integration now available

To give you better flexibility and insight into the financial aspects of your Workfront projects, Workfront can now integrate with your Anaplan account. By linking Workfront objects to Anaplan objects, you can update information between the two accounts automatically, ensuring that the information in both is up-to-date and identical. You can also trigger automated processes in Anaplan based on actions in Workfront (or vice versa).

For example, you can create a campaign in Anaplan, then create a Workfront project or program linked to the campaign. Any costs tracked in Workfront can then be uploaded back to Anaplan to review campaign performance.

Other workflows that you may consider using the Workfront to Anaplan integration for include:

* Creating Anaplan budget requests from new Workfront projects
* Creating Workfront projects from new Anaplan List Items
* Initiating Anaplan supplier requests from Workfront projects

Information on the Workfront with Anaplan integration will become available when the integration goes into production with the 22.2 release.

## Deactivate a group

As your internal organizations change, you might need to stop using certain groups in Workfront and create new ones. To help with this, we have added the ability to deactivate a group without losing its historical data. For regular users who don’t need to see them, inactive groups are cleared from group type-ahead fields.

As an administrator, you can still find and configure options, preferences, and object associations for inactive groups. And deactivating a group doesn’t change anything about the objects that the group is attached to.

Previously, it wasn’t possible to deactivate a group.

For more information, see the information about the “Is Active” option in [View and manage a group’s details](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-groups/view-and-manage-a-groups-details.md).

## Adobe Workfront Boards are now available!

Boards are flexible tools that allow team collaboration by providing access to a shared board containing columns and cards.

Using boards, you can:

* Quickly set up a task board with multiple columns
* Configure columns to show a status or category
* Add other users to the board and assign them to cards
* Quickly add open ended cards and checklists

Note that the cards on a board are not connected to objects and work items in Adobe Workfront.

A system administrator must enable Boards in layout templates to make the option available to all users in the main menu.

For more information, see Boards overview.

&nbsp;

## Improvements to filters in the Home Work List

To give more control and focus over your work list, we have implemented several improvements to the filters in the Home area. With the new improvements, you can select filters by object type and further narrow down your results by the state of your work items (for example, Ready to Start, Working On, or Requested). The new Home filters now provide a correct count of tasks, issues, personal work items, and approvals when you apply a combination of object type and work item state filters.

Prior to this experience, the filters in the Home area did not provide an accurate count of the number of work items in the list when you selected one or more filters and they created confusion about the state of the work items.

For more information, see [Display items in the Work List in the Home area](../../../workfront-basics/using-home/using-the-home-area/display-items-in-home-work-list.md).

## Enhancements to top navigation bar

We have made several enhancements to the Adobe Workfront top navigation bar.

* Favorites and Recents now have separate icons in the top navigation bar. Each still displays the same content (pages you have marked as favorites, and pages you have visited recently), and you can continue to add and remove favorite pages in the same way.
* The look and feel of both pins and the main menu was updated to Adobe design standards, including colors and fonts. The way you add and remove pins and the areas you have access to in your main menu have not changed.
* The icons on the right of the top navigation bar were re-ordered to be more intuitive. The icon order is: help link, notifications, favorites, recents, search, main menu.

For more information, see Top navigation bar overview in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

## Undo option for Update posts

It is now easier to catch mistakes when posting an update. Finalizing a comment in an object's Update tab now creates a pop-up window for 7 seconds that allows you to cancel the post and return to editing--before the system timestamps it or sends any emails and in-app notifications. If you dismiss the pop-up window, leave the page, or wait 7 seconds for the window to time out, the post will be made normally.

For more information, see [Update work](../../../workfront-basics/updating-work-items-and-viewing-updates/update-work.md).

## Improvements to the Workload Balancer navigation

To improve your experience when using the Workload Balancer, we have introduced the following enhancements:

* The Cancel and Save buttons when adjusting allocations are now sticky, even when the task is longer than the timeframe included on the screen or when the Summary panel displays.
* The left panel that displays the names of users and work items is now sticky, to allow you to scroll horizontally for longer timeframes and to still be able to read the names of items listed in the panel.
* You can collapse and expand all items listed in the left panel with one click instead of at the user or project level.
* The left panel is now also resizable.
* There is now a full-screen mode for the Workload Balancer.

For more information about navigating the Workload Balancer, see [Navigate the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/navigate-the-workload-balancer.md).

## Access Advanced Assignments in the Workload Balancer

To make assigning work items easier and more accurate, you can now make advanced assignments when you assign work items manually in the Workload Balancer. Prior to this enhancement, you could access Advanced Assignments when editing items, from the items’ headers, or in lists.

For more information, see [Assign work manually using the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/assign-work-in-workload-balancer-manually.md).

## Redesigned timesheet lists

To make your use of Workfront consistent with the new Adobe Workfront experience, we have redesigned the timesheet lists in the Timesheets area. You can expect the same functionality in the timesheet list, only with a cleaner, more streamlined user experience.

Some of the highlights of this redesign are:

* The timesheet list now matches the experience in all other lists in Workfront.
* The filter experience now matches the filters in all other lists. You will have more flexibility to create your own filters with the fields and attributes that make the most sense to you as well as share them with other users.

For more information about creating timesheets using the new lists, see [Create a single-use timesheet](../../../timesheets/create-and-manage-timesheets/create-tmshts.md).

## New formula for calculating user availability when The Default Schedule preference is selected

To provide more accurate information in resource management tools, we have changed the formula that Workfront uses to calculate user availability when the Workfront administrator selects The Default Schedule in Resource Management Preferences. With the new update, Workfront uses the following formula to calculate user availability:

User Available Hours = (Default Schedule Hours - Exceptions) &#42; FTE - Time off hours

Prior to this update, Workfront used the following formula to calculate user availability when The Default Schedule was selected:

User Available Hours = (Default Schedule Hours - (Schedule Exceptions + Time off hours)) &#42; User FTE value

For more information, see [Configure Resource Management preferences](../../../administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/configure-system-defaults/configure-resource-mgmt-preferences.md).

## New experience when copying a project

To make your use of Workfront consistent with the new Adobe Workfront experience, we have redesigned the interface for copying projects. This is currently available when copying a project from the project page or when copying a project from a list or report. Prior to this update you could only copy a project from the project page.

For more information, see [Copy a project](../../../manage-work/projects/manage-projects/copy-project.md).

## Ability to manage projects from lists and reports from a new More menu

We have added a new More menu in project lists and reports to allow you to perform the following actions from these areas:

* For several projects at a time:
* Recalculate Timeline
* Recalculate Finance
* Recalculate Custom Expressions
* For a single project:
* Attach Template
* Export to MS Project
* Subscribe

For more information, see the following articles:

* [Recalculate project timelines](../../../manage-work/projects/manage-projects/recalculate-project-timeline.md) 
* [Recalculate project finances](../../../manage-work/projects/project-finances/recalculate-project-finances.md) 
* [Edit information in custom form fields](../../../workfront-basics/work-with-custom-forms/edit-custom-forms.md) 
* [Attach a template to a project](../../../manage-work/projects/create-and-manage-templates/attach-template-to-project.md) 
* [Export a project to Microsoft Project](../../../manage-work/projects/manage-projects/export-project-to-ms-project.md) 
* [Subscribe to items in Adobe Workfront](../../../workfront-basics/using-notifications/subscribe-to-items-in-workfront.md)

## Drawings and comments on proof documents in the mobile app

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature will be generally available in the Apple App Store and Google Play Store in mid-April 2022.

The Adobe Workfront mobile app now allows you to add drawings and comments on proof documents. A new toolbar on the proof contains drawing tools for shapes. You can choose settings such as color and line thickness for each shape. Drawing a shape on the proof connects your comment to that area of the proof document.

You can also reply to comments that others have made on the proof.

The following article will be updated when the app is released to the app stores:

[Review and make decisions on proofs in the Adobe Workfront mobile app](../../../workfront-basics/mobile-apps/using-the-workfront-mobile-app/work-with-proofs-in-mobile-app.md)

## Google G Suite integration now uses OAuth2

For greater security, and to make a more consistent experience across integrations, we've updated the Google G Suite integration to use OAuth2 authentication, an industry-standard way to authenticate users. Now, when your users log in, they can see the specific actions and areas that the integrations have access to, and allow access. After this, they do not need to log in as frequently.

For more information, see [Log in and out of Adobe Workfront for G Suite](../../../workfront-integrations-and-apps/workfront-for-g-suite/log-in-and-out-wf-for-gsuite.md).
