

# 22.2 release activity:&nbsp;Week of February 14, 2022

This page describes all enhancements made with the 22.2 release to the Preview environment the week of February 14, 2022. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment later this year

<!--
the week of October 4, 2021
-->

.For a list of all changes available at this point in the 22.2 release cycle, see [22.2 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.2-release-activity/22-2-release-overview.md).

## Updated experience when copying and moving issues

To make your use of Workfront consistent with the new Adobe Workfront experience, we have redesigned the interface for copying and moving issues. This is currently available when copying or moving a single issue or when copying or moving issues in bulk from a list or report.

Some of the improvements of this newly redesigned interface include:

* All information that you must update before the move displays on one continuous page.
* Workfront checks whether you have access to the destination project immediately after choosing the project. Prior to this enhancement, Workfront warned you that you don't have the correct access after you have confirmed the move which resulted in extra steps and the move not being allowed.
* Ability to request access for a project where you want to move the issues without leaving the Move Task box.
* Ability to remove items (assignments, progress, documents, permissions, updates) from an issue when you move it to another location. This functionality was previously available only for copying issues.
* Ability to select a destination task in addition to a selecting a destination project when copying an issue.

For more information about moving or copying issues, see the following articles:

* [Copy issues](../../../manage-work/issues/manage-issues/copy-issues.md) 
* [Move issues](../../../manage-work/issues/manage-issues/move-issues.md)

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/678338567?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/678338567/3b91b6d37e)

## See type of authentication in list of custom OAuth2 applications

Now, when you view the list of custom OAuth2 applications in your organization, you can see whether each application uses User authentication or Server authentication.

Previously, you could see this information only by going into the edit options on each application.

For more information, see [Create OAuth2 applications for Workfront integrations](../../../administration-and-setup/configure-integrations/create-oauth-application.md).
