---
title: 23.3 release activity week of May 15, 2023
description: 23.3 release activity week of May 15, 2023
author: Lisa
draft: Probably
feature: Product Announcements
exl-id: 1c60e10e-3ac5-4402-99b1-29983475ac59
---
# 23.3 release activity week of May 15, 2023

This page describes all enhancements made with the 23.3 release to the Preview environment the week of May 15, 2023. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment with the 23.3 release. 

For a list of all changes available at this point in the 23.3 release cycle, see [23.3 Release overview](/help/quicksilver/product-announcements/product-releases/23.3-release-activity/23-3-release-overview.md).

## Automatically create linked folders to Adobe Experience Manager Assets when creating a project

With the new Create linked folder workflow for the Adobe Experience Manager integration, you can configure the integration with a path to an Adobe Experience Manager Assets folder. When the integration is added to a project template, any projects created from the template will automatically create a linked subfolder in Experience Manager Assets in the specified folder.

Previously, creating linked folders required action on the part of the user.

This functionality is available only with an Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service integration within Workfront. This is not available in the Adobe Experience Manager enhanced connector.

For more information, see [Use workflows in the Experience Manager Assets integration](/help/quicksilver/documents/adobe-workfront-for-experience-manager-assets-essentials/use-aem-workflows.md).

## Enhancements to the Boards tag manager

The tag manager interface has been improved, allowing you to create new tags quickly and apply them to cards. You can also create tags for workstreams.

For more information, see [Add tags](/help/quicksilver/agile/get-started-with-boards/add-tags.md).
