---
filename: 21-1-nov-16
content-type: release-notes
keywords: notes,quarterly,update
navigation-topic: 2021-1-release-activity
title: 21.1 release activity: Week of November 16, 2020
description: This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 21.1 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.
---

# 21.1 release activity:&nbsp;Week of November 16, 2020

This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 21.1 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available with the 21.1 release, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## Enhanced analytics now displays by default

>[!NOTE]
>
>This change only applies to users who are newly added to Layout Templates. Users assigned to a custom Layout Template are also unaffected by this change.

In the default Layout Template, the Analytics area is now enabled by default, which means users assigned to this Layout Template now see the Analytics area in the Global Navigation Bar in Adobe WorkfrontClassic and the Main Menu in the new Adobe Workfrontexperience.

To learn more about Enhanced analytics, see [Enhanced analytics overview](../../../enhanced-analytics/enhanced-analytics-overview.md).

## Enhanced analytics available for all clusters

Enhanced analytics is available for all Workfront clusters, including customers on Cluster 6.

Previously, Enhanced analytics was not available with Google Cloud Platform, preventing customers on Cluster 6 from accessing the Analytics area. Now, Business and Enterprise customers on Cluster 6 can access the Analytics area.

To learn more about Enhanced analytics, see [Enhanced analytics overview](../../../enhanced-analytics/enhanced-analytics-overview.md).

## New for administrators: Assign a Group Administrator for a subgroup

To make it easier for the levels of your organization to operate independently, we have added the ability to assign a Group Administrator to a subgroup. Now you can make sure you are delegating subgroup management to the right people.

Previously, only a top-level group could have Group Administrators, and those administrators managed all of the subgroups beneath the top-level group.

For more information, see the section [Group administrators for subgroups](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/groups-overview/subgroups.md#for) in the article [Subgroups overview](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/groups-overview/subgroups.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/481764187?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode](https://vimeo.com/481764187/855b405a46).

## New for administrators: Configure your Workfront email allowlist

To better secure your data, you can now use an email domain allowlist to:

* Control where Workfront emails can go if they contain reports or documents stored in Workfront
* Control email domains can be in the email address that users can specify in their user profile

For example, if you want to protect sensitive data, such as a report listing your at-risk customers, you can include only your internal email domain or domains in the email allowlist. That way, users cannot send that report (or any other Workfront report) to an external email address.

For more information, see the section [Configure your firewall's allowlist](../../../administration-and-setup/get-started-wf-administration/configure-your-firewall.md#configur) in the article [Configure your firewall's allowlist](../../../administration-and-setup/get-started-wf-administration/configure-your-firewall.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/481767348?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode](https://vimeo.com/481767348/e3f72f418e).

## New for administrators: Work with group projects and approval processes in the Groups area

If you are a Group Administrator, it’s easy to view and work with your group’s projects and approval processes now that they are listed in the Groups area. From a group’s main page, you can:

* Click Projects in the left menu to see the group’s projects and create new ones for the group. If a selected project has been shared with you, you can use the buttons in the toolbar to edit, export, copy, or delete it.

  For more information, see View and create projects from the Groups area in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

* Click Approvals in the left menu to see and manage all of the approval processes associated with the group.

  For more information, see View and create approval processes from the Groups area in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

This functionality is also available for Workfront administrators.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/482726141?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/482726141/a9cf241425)

## New for administrators: View the number of licenses used and allocated in a group

To determine how well your licenses are distributed, you can now view the number of licenses that are used in a group and any subgroups below it.

If you manage a top-level group, you can view both the number of licenses that are used in a group (and its subgroups) and the maximum number of licenses allocated for the group.

For more information, see View the number of licenses allocated and used in a group in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/481775659?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode](https://vimeo.com/481775659/474d71d8ee).

## Workfront Balancer available for a team

The Workload Balancer is now available within a team. Now, you have an option to select between using the Workload Balancer or the Scheduling tool to manage your team resources.

For information about where the Workload Balancer can be located in Workfront, see [Locate the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/locate-workload-balancer.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/481773016?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode](https://vimeo.com/481773016/2f660f9f36).

## Updates to Jira Cloud connector

To expand the ways you can use the Jira Cloud connector, 3 new modules are now available:

* Add issue to sprint
* List Records
* Search for Records

Also existing modules now support the “Sprint” object type. Previously, the “Sprint” object could only be accessed through the Custom API Call module.

For more information, see [Jira Software modules](../../../workfront-fusion/apps-and-their-modules/jira-software-modules.md).
