---
filename: 21-1-jan-18
content-type: release-notes
keywords: notes,quarterly,update
navigation-topic: 2021-1-release-activity
title: 21.1 release activity: Week of January 18, 2021
description: This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of January 18, 2021.
---

# 21.1 release activity:&nbsp;Week of January 18, 2021

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of January 18, 2021.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/fusion-release-activity/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://one.workfront.com/s/article/Workfront-Maintenance-Updates-1882317350) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Restrict hour editing on timesheets

To provide more control over timesheets and hour editing, we've added a setting that allows you to restrict hour editing to timesheet owners and system administrators.

Previously, users with the Timesheets & Hours option enabled in their access level could edit hours on any timesheet.

For more information, see [Configure timesheet and hour preferences](../../../administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/configure-timesheets-schedules/timesheet-and-hour-preferences.md).

## For Workfront administrators:&nbsp;Configure event notifications for groups

Workfront administrators can now give Group Administrators more autonomy by allowing them to configure event notifications for their top-level groups. Subgroups inherit event notification configurations from their top parent group.

Previously, event notifications were configurable only by a Workfront administrator at the system level, which means that all groups had to use the same set of event notifications.

For more information, see the following articles:

* [Unlock or lock configuration of event notifications for all groups](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-workfront/emails/unlock-configuration-of-event-notifications-for-groups.md) 
* [View and configure event notifications for a group](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-groups/view-and-configure-event-notifications-group.md)

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/502703858?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/502703858/b5cd50ed5d) 
