---
filename: 20.3-beta-3
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: 2020-3-release-activity
title: 20.3 release activity: Week of June 1, 2020
description: This page describes all enhancements made with the {Release Version] release to the Preview the week of [Release Date]. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment the week of May 11, 2020.
hidefromtoc: true
---

# 20.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of June 1, 2020

This page describes all enhancements made with the {Release Version] release to the Preview the week of [Release Date].

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment the week of May 11, 2020.
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

For a list of all changes available at this point in the {Release Version] release cycle, see [20.3 release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/20.3-release-activity/20.3-release-overview.md).

## Ignore Actual Dates in Workfront Calendars

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature released to the Preview environment on June 5, 2020. It will be available in the Production environment on June 19, 2020.

To give you more control over how objects display in Calendar Reports, you can opt to ignore actual dates even when they’re available.

Previously, the calendar would automatically use Actual dates once they were available.

For more information, see [Calendar reports overview](../../../reports-and-dashboards/reports/calendars/calendar-reports-overview.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/425518710?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/425518710/076503c510)

## New mobile Virtual Assistant

The new virtual assistant for the Workfront mobile app is coming to both Android and iOS with this release.

Here are some examples of voice commands you can use to interact with the mobile app:

* Show me

  Example: Show me my late items

* Delete

  Example: Delete Designer review task

* Search for

  Example: Search for 2020 marketing project

To join the beta early, see

* [Be an iOS beta tester](../../../workfront-basics/mobile-apps/using-the-workfront-mobile-app/ios-beta-tester.md) 
* [Be an Android beta tester](../../../workfront-basics/mobile-apps/using-the-workfront-mobile-app/android-beta-tester.md)

## Variable filters available in the Workload Balancer

To improve your experience as well as to give you more flexibility when you share information, we have now implemented variable filters for the Workload Balancer. The following filters have been added to the Workload Balancer:

* "Me" (when filtering by users)
* "My Primary Role" (when filtering by roles)
* "My Home Team" or "All My Teams" (when filtering by teams).

These filters replace the wildcard filter variables of $$USER.ID, $$USER.roleID, $$USER.homeTeamID, and $$USER.teamIDs

When you apply one of these filters and then share the Workload Balancer or place it on a dashboard, all other users will see their own information.

For information about applying filters to the Workload Balancer, see [Manage filters in the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/filter-information-workload-balancer.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/425680462?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/425680462/5e65fb50f7)

## New sorting for projects in the Workload Balancer

The Workload Balancer now sorts the projects based first on the earliest Planned Start Date and secondly the latest Planned Completion Date of the tasks in the project which occur during the timeframe the user displays on the screen. This allows you to organize work in a tree-like hierarchy which helps you more easily identify work for a day.

For information about viewing projects and work items in the Workload Balancer, see [Navigate the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/navigate-the-workload-balancer.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/425681656?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/425681656/50139ed937) 
