---
title: 22.1 release activity:&nbsp;Week of November 8, 2021
description: 22.1 release activity:&nbsp;Week of November 8, 2021
draft: Probably
---
# 22.1 release activity:&nbsp;Week of November 8, 2021

This page describes all enhancements made with the 22.1 release to the Preview environment the week of November 8, 2021. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment in July 2022

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
the week of April 4, 2022
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

.For a list of all changes available at this point in the 22.1 release cycle, see [22.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.3-release-activity/22-3-release-overview.md).

## Blueprints company mapping and other enhancements

The following Blueprints enhancements are now available:

* Some blueprints now include companies, which you can customize before installing the blueprint. You can map a company in the blueprint to an existing company in your Workfront instance, or create a new company if needed.
* A new blueprint type, Organizational Structure, is now available. Some blueprints include elements from multiple types (for example, Project Template and Organizational Structure). You can filter by blueprint type on the catalog page.
* The "Install Preferences" and "Template Ownership" sections on the configuration page have been combined into "Template Preferences" for simplicity.

For more information, see Configure a project template blueprint.

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/642333705?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/642333705/76d3ed60db)

## Filter by user list on agile boards shows users with most assignments first

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature will not be included with the 22.1 release. It was removed from the Preview environment.

Now the filter shows the users with the most assignments first so they are easier to locate without scrolling through the list.

Previously, the filter by user list on both Kanban and Scrum boards was displayed alphabetically.

For more information, see the following information

* [Filter by user on the Scrum board](../../../agile/use-scrum-in-an-agile-team/scrum-board/filter-by-user-scrum-board.md) 
* [Filter by user on the Kanban board](../../../agile/use-kanban-in-an-agile-team/filter-by-user.md)

