

# 22.1 release activity:&nbsp;Week of November 15, 2021

This page describes all enhancements made with the 22.1 release to the Preview environment the week of November 15, 2021. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment later this year

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
the week of October 4, 2021
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

.For a list of all changes available at this point in the 22.1 release cycle, see [22.2 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.2-release-activity/22-2-release-overview.md).

## Add and edit custom forms Summary panel for documents

You can now add and edit custom forms directly in the document Summary panel.

With this change, you’ll also see a new look and feel in the document Summary. There is a new Overview section, which contains the image thumbnail as well as the document details. You can also check documents in and out in the document details section.

Previously, you had to go to the custom forms tab in the Document Details to make edits or add custom forms.

For more information, see Summary for documents overview.

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/647362235?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/647362235/d31257c503)

## New experience when copying one or multiple tasks

To make your use of Workfront consistent with the new Adobe Workfront experience, we have redesigned the interface when copying a task. This is currently available when copying a task at the task level or copying a task or multiple tasks in a list.

Some of the improvements include:

* All information that you must update before you copy the task displays on one continuous page.
* Workfront checks whether you have access to the destination project immediately after choosing the project. Prior to this enhancement, a warning message indicating that you don't have the correct access showed after you confirmed the copy, which resulted in extra steps and the copy not being allowed.
* Ability to request access for a project where you want to copy the task without leaving the Copy Task box.

For more information, see [Copy and duplicate tasks](../../../manage-work/tasks/manage-tasks/copy-and-duplicate-tasks.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/647381042?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/647381042/d982eec1ce)

## Copy and submit requests

To optimize your process for submitting requests, we are introducing new functionality that allows you to copy an existing request and submit it as a new request. This is helpful when you submit similar requests frequently. In this case, you can reuse an existing request, make a few changes, then submit it as a new request.

With this change, users who can view requests that others submitted can also copy these requests and submit them as new. You can prevent this from happening by updating the following setting in the request queue project:&nbsp;People from the same company will inherit the same permissions for all requests.

For more information, see Copy and submit requests.

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/647433535?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/647433535/32c681ac04) 
