

# 22.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of April 18, 2022

This page describes all enhancements made with the 22.3 release to the Preview environment the week of April 18, 2022. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment in July 2022

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
the week of April 4, 2022
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

.

For a list of all changes available at this point in the 22.3 release cycle, see [22.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.3-release-activity/22-3-release-overview.md).

## Global look and feel updates

To better align Adobe products and to improve consistency throughout the Workfront application, we’re releasing minor cosmetic styling changes throughout the Workfront user interface.

Buttons, colors, and fonts are now updated throughout the Workfront application.

These updates are solely visual changes; the underlying functionality remains unchanged.

## Keep accurate information when two users with a common role are involved in an approval process

To ensure accuracy of your data for approving work, we have made a change in the way approval information is recorded on an item when a multi-role approval process is associated with the item.

Some approval processes require approval from two different roles, and two different approvers might have one of those roles in common. Now when this happens, after the approval decisions are made, Workfront records each approver and their respective role associated with the approval process.

Prior to this change, both approvals were recorded for the second user because they shared one of the approval roles with the first approver. In this case, the second approver was overwriting the first approver’s information.

For more information about approval processes in Workfront, see [Approval process overview](../../../review-and-approve-work/manage-approvals/approval-process-in-workfront.md).

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/702155550?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/702155550/6502afacd2)

## Combine multiple files in a single proof in the Creative Cloud plugin

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is coming soon to Production. It is not available in Preview.

You can now upload outside files with the content you’ve created in the Adobe Workfront for Creative Cloud plugin to create multi-file proofs in Workfront. Outside files appear as additional proof pages inside Workfront. With this enhancement, we’ve also updated the look and feel of the proof creation experience.

For more information, see

* [Upload proofs from Adobe Photoshop](../../../workfront-integrations-and-apps/adobe-workfront-for-creative-cloud/wf-cc-proofs.md) 
* [Upload XD art boards as proofs to Workfront](../../../workfront-integrations-and-apps/adobe-workfront-for-xd/wf-adobe-xd-proofs.md)

