

# 22.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of May 2, 2022

This page describes all enhancements made with the 22.3 release to the Preview environment the week of May 2, 2022. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment in July 2022.

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
the week of April 4, 2022
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

For a list of all changes available at this point in the 22.3 release cycle, see [22.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.3-release-activity/22-3-release-overview.md).

## New syntax for calculations in custom fields

To prepare for future enhancements that will help you add calculations to custom forms, we have standardized the syntax for referenced fields that you add to a calculation. It’s easy to use this new syntax because the system enters it for you when you start typing the name of a field and then select it.

For more information, see the section [Build the calculation for your calculated custom field](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/add-calculated-data-to-custom-form.md#build) in the article [Add calculated data to a custom form](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/add-calculated-data-to-custom-form.md).

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/706579702?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/706579702/e18bec3c6d)

<!--
<div data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
<h2>For administrators: Add an Adobe XD link to a custom form</h2>
<p>We are continuing to help you make custom forms more visual and informative with new kinds of asset widgets you can add, such as images and videos. Now you can add an Adobe XD link in a custom form. When the form is attached to an object, users who work with the object can view and interact with the linked XD prototype from within the form like they can in Adobe XD. This includes adding comments.</p>
<p>For more information, see <a href="add-image-or-edit-its-properties-in-a-custom-form.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Add or edit image and video widgets in a custom form</a>.</p>
</div>
-->

## Enable automatic refresh token rotation in your custom OAuth2 applications

To allow you more control over the security of your custom OAuth2 applications, we've added to option to enable refresh token rotation. When this option is enabled, every time a refresh token is used, your application automatically creates and sends a new refresh token, and disables the old one.

Your application must store the new refresh token after every refresh. Workfront does not store this refresh token.

Previously, refresh tokens expired after a set amount of time configured in the custom OAuth2 application settings.

For more information, see [Create OAuth2 applications for Workfront integrations](../../../administration-and-setup/configure-integrations/create-oauth-application.md).

## Use PKCE in your custom OAuth2 integrations for Single-page web applications

You can now create Single-page web applications in your custom integrations using PKCE. PKCE is a secure authorization flow that works well with dynamically refreshing applications such as mobile apps, but is valuable across all OAuth2 clients. Instead of a static client secret, PKCE uses a dynamically generated string, eliminating the risk of a leaked client secret.

Previously, the available options for custom OAuth2 applications used either a user's name and password, or a client secret.

For more information, see [Create OAuth2 applications for Workfront integrations](../../../administration-and-setup/configure-integrations/create-oauth-application.md).
