---
title: 22.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of May 16, 2022
description: 22.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of May 16, 2022
author: Luke
draft: Probably
feature: Product Announcements
---
# 22.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of May 16, 2022

This page describes all enhancements made with the 22.3 release to the Preview environment the week of May 16, 2022. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment in July 2022.

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
the week of April 4, 2022
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

For a list of all changes available at this point in the 22.3 release cycle, see [22.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.3-release-activity/22-3-release-overview.md).

## Smart tagging in the update stream

We have improved tagging users in the update stream when you create a new update or reply to an existing one. Now, when you tag a user to include them in an update, in addition to their name and avatar, we also display their Primary Role and their email. This helps distinguish between multiple users with similar or identical names.

For more information, see [Tag others on updates](../../../workfront-basics/updating-work-items-and-viewing-updates/tag-others-on-updates.md).

## New limitation to the number of characters in an update

We have set a new limit to the number of characters you can enter in an update or a reply to an existing update. The new limit is 15.000 characters. This update did not change the number of characters allowed when using the API. The API character limit for updates is 4,000 characters.

For more information, see [Character limits in fields](../../../workfront-basics/updating-work-items-and-viewing-updates/character-limits-in-fields.md).

## Control creating a blank project

As a system or a group administrator, you can now control whether users can create blank projects, without using a template. We have introduced a new setting in the Project Preferences area of Setup that allows you to disable creating blank projects in the following areas:

* From the New Project option in a list of projects
* When converting an issue to a project from the issue page

The new setting is “Allow users to create projects without using a template” and it is enabled by default.

>[!NOTE]
>
>Users can still convert a task to a blank project.

For more information, see Configure system-wide project preferences.

For more information, see [Configure system-wide project preferences](../../../administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/configure-system-defaults/set-project-preferences.md).

## New SharePoint (Graph API) integration now available

We've created a new, simpler SharePoint integration. Now, when configuring the integration, you don't need to list out your site collections. Some organizations can have hundreds of site collections, which could make a SharePoint integration difficult to configure.

We are not discontinuing the legacy SharePoint integration, so you will not lose access to documents that are currently linked through that integration.

Workfront Administrators can enable and disable SharePoint and legacy SharePoint integrations separately, based on the needs of their organization.

For more information, see [Configure system-wide project preferences](../../../administration-and-setup/configure-integrations/configure-sharepoint-integration.md).