---
title: 22.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of May 23, 2022
description: 22.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of May 23, 2022
author: Luke
draft: Probably
feature: Product Announcements
exl-id: 46940822-b32d-4d6e-b33c-f7603a8027b7
---
# 22.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of May 23, 2022

This page describes all enhancements made with the 22.3 release to the Preview environment the week of May 23, 2022. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment in July 2022.

For a list of all changes available at this point in the 22.3 release cycle, see [22.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.3-release-activity/22-3-release-overview.md).

## For administrators: Integrate Adobe Workfront with JumpSeat

You now can integrate JumpSeat with Workfront to create custom, in-product guidance for your users. You must have an Adobe Workfront enterprise license and an active JumpSeat subscription to enable the integration.

For more information, see [Configure the JumpSeat integration](../../../administration-and-setup/configure-integrations/configure-jumpseat.md).

## For administators: Proof default settings moved to Workfront

You can now edit the following proof settings inside the Workfront Setup Area:

* Proof default settings
* Proof decision settings

For more information, see [Configure default settings](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-workfront/configure-proofing/configure-default-proof-settings.md).

## New SharePoint (Graph API) integration now available

We've created a new, simpler SharePoint integration. Now, you don't need to configure the SharePoint integration. Instead, the new SharePoint integration is simply an option you can choose, similar to other document integrations.

You will not lose access to documents that are currently linked through the legacy SharePoint integration. However, you will be unable to link new documents through the legacy integration.

Workfront Administrators can enable and disable SharePoint and legacy SharePoint integrations separately, based on the needs of their organization.

For more information, see [Configure the Legacy SharePoint integration](../../../administration-and-setup/configure-integrations/configure-sharepoint-integration.md).
