

# 22.1 release activity:&nbsp;Week of November 29, 2021

This page describes all enhancements made with the 22.1 release to the Preview environment the week of November 29, 2021. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment later this year

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
the week of October 4, 2021
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

.For a list of all changes available at this point in the 22.1 release cycle, see [22.2 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.2-release-activity/22-2-release-overview.md).

## Improvements to the Settings panel and ability to color-code projects and their tasks in the Workload Balancer

To improve your experience when using the Workload Balancer, we have introduced the following enhancements:

* Redesigned the Settings panel to include options that previously were located on the toolbar. This improves the use of the space in the toolbar.
* Added the ability to customize the color theme by Project. When selecting to color-code by Project, each project and its work items display in the same color. The colors are unique to each project. Before this enhancement, you could only color-code by Project Status.

For more information, see [Navigate the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/navigate-the-workload-balancer.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/652568021?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/652568021/b50f671736)

## Assign work in bulk using the Workload Balancer

In continuing our effort to deprecate the Scheduling tools and replace them with the Workload Balancer, we have added the ability to manage assignments in bulk. You can now assign multiple work items at a time to multiple users, replace users from multiple work items with other users, and unassign users from multiple items at one time. You can perform all these with one action by using the new Bulk Assignment functionality in the Workload Balancer.

Prior to this enhancement, you could only assign one user to one work item either manually or by dragging and dropping.

The new Bulk Assignments also include new filtering capabilities by Project and Task Status, in addition to Name.

For more information, see [Overview of assigning work in the Adobe Workfront Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/assign-work-in-workload-balancer.md).

For information about the deprecation of the Scheduling tools, see [Deprecation of Resource Scheduling tools in Adobe Workfront](../../../resource-mgmt/resource-mgmt-overview/deprecate-resource-scheduling.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/652571877?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/652571877/b334c56172)

## Improvements to timesheets

To improve the experience of everyone who manages time in Workfront, we are introducing several updates to timesheets.

Some of these updates include:

* When a user has a current timesheet, the Timesheets area now opens to that current timesheet saving time for searching and clicking into a current timesheet. When there are no current timesheets, the Timesheets area still displays the My Timesheets section, as it does today.
* The row you hover over or you click into to enter time is highlighted to increase visibility.
* The footer that contains the timesheet buttons is now sticky so that you always have access to save and cancel without scrolling to the bottom of the page. We also added a new Back to top button in this area to quickly return to the top of the page.
* A new warning notification now alerts you of unsaved changes to prevent you from losing information when navigating away from the timesheet.

For more information, see the following articles:

* [Understand the Timesheet layout](../../../timesheets/timesheets/timesheet-layout.md) 
* [Log time](../../../timesheets/create-and-manage-timesheets/log-time.md)

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/652558251?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/652558251/3c194ca33a)

## Add the My Updates area for all licensed users

As part of our efforts to create parity between Workfront Classic and the new Workfront experience, we have reintroduced the My Updates area for all users.

As a result of this update, Review users can find this area as their default landing page, unless they are assigned to a layout template.

A Workfront or Group administrator can add this area to all users’ Main Menu and Top navigation by using a layout template.

When you open the My Updates area, you can now quickly find the following information:

* Approvals waiting for your decision display in the first half of the My Updates page. You can approve, reject, suggest changes, grant access, or delegate your approvals to others.
* Comments in which you have been included display in the lower half of the My Updates page, in the Mentions section.

For more information, see [Use the My Updates area](../../../workfront-basics/using-home/using-the-home-area/my-updates-area.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/652562003?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/652562003/e10dfffff3)

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/652564287?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/652564287/a303bc84d7)

## Default ascending order for Planned Completion Date and ability to group by Planned Start Date in the Home Work List

To make it easier and faster to find the items that require your attention, we have added two enhancements that allow you to see your earliest due items display at the top of your work list by default and to group your tasks and issues by their Planned Start Date.

Prior to these enhancements, you could group your items only by Planned Completion Date as well as by Commit date.

For more information, see [Display items in the Work List in the Home area](../../../workfront-basics/using-home/using-the-home-area/display-items-in-home-work-list.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/652578109?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/652578109/1397c75bf3)

## Change the default option for predecessors when copying or moving tasks

To minimize the number of manual steps when copying or moving tasks, we have updated the information that is copied or moved with the task by default. Now, all predecessors are copied or moved with the task by default, as the All Predecessors option is selected by default.

Prior to this enhancement, the All Predecessors option was deselected by default when copying or moving a task.

For more information, see the articles:

* [Copy and duplicate tasks](../../../manage-work/tasks/manage-tasks/copy-and-duplicate-tasks.md) 
* [Move tasks](../../../manage-work/tasks/manage-tasks/move-tasks.md)

## Override currency when managing job roles

To help you easily manage cost and billing rates across global organizations, we have implemented overriding the currency of a job role. Using this feature, you can now set cost and billing rates for job roles in the currency that matches the job role’s location. This will override the system currency in all financial calculations for the job role.

For information, see [Create and manage job roles](../../../administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/organizational-setup/create-manage-job-roles.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/652599823?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/652599823/847eb1bc31)

## Interface improvement for users who don’t have access to create requests

To improve users’ experience when working with requests, we have introduced an improvement to the interface that indicates to the logged-in user that they do not have access to create requests. With this improvement, the New request button is dimmed for users without access to create issues. Hovering over the dimmed button displays a tooltip that explains that the Workfront administrator restricted the current user’s access to create requests.

Prior to this enhancement, the New request button did not display in the Requests area for these users. Copying and submitting a request as new is also restricted.

For more information about creating requests, see [Create and submit Adobe Workfront requests](../../../manage-work/requests/create-requests/create-submit-requests.md).

## New for administrators: Grant access to teams using access levels

A new section in the Access Levels area gives you more granular controls for managing your users’ access to teams. Now you can determine who can create, edit, and view teams.

This does not change your users' existing access to teams.

For more information, see [Grant access to teams](../../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/grant-access-teams.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/652603175?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/652603175/5693e7dafa)

## New for administrators: Styling updates in the Custom Forms area

The Custom Forms area has a new look and feel that brings it up to date with many other areas in the new Workfront experience.

For information about creating a custom form, see [Create or edit a custom form](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/create-or-edit-a-custom-form.md).

## New for administrators: Many enhancements for creating calculated custom fields

Creating calculated custom fields is now much easier with these additions in the new Calculation Editor:

* You can hover over any expression in your calculation to display information about it, including a description, an example of how it can be used, and a link to more information in a help article.
* Each expression you add is color-coded, depending on its type. This makes it easier to spot your expressions and immediately recognize their type.
* Line numbers help you identify and reference functions in a long calculation.
* When you start typing an expression or field name, a list of available items displays so that you can choose the one you want. And, when you type an open parenthesis, the closing parenthesis is added automatically.
* You can preview the result of your calculation using an existing object without leaving the calculation editor.

Also, in the customizable “Instructions” hover text for a calculated custom field, you can display or hide the field’s formula. This is useful if you think that the users who will fill out the custom form won’t need that information.

For more information about creating a calculated custom field, see [Add calculated data to a custom form](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/add-calculated-data-to-custom-form.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/652968756?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/652968756/9f99cf0faf)

## New for administrators: View audit log information about statuses and companies

Now you can more easily troubleshoot incidents involving statuses and companies by viewing information about them in the Audit Logs area in Setup.

For example:

* You can find out who renamed, locked, or hid a status, and when they did so.
* You can find out who removed some members or job roles from a company, and when they did so.

For information about viewing audit log information, see [View and export audit logs](../../../administration-and-setup/add-users/create-and-manage-users/view-and-export-audit-logs.md).

## Group mapping now available in blueprints

Some blueprints now include groups, which you can customize before installing the blueprint. You can map a group in the blueprint to an existing group in your Workfront instance, or create a new group if needed.

For more information, see [Configure a blueprint](../../../administration-and-setup/blueprints/configure-template-package.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/652608333?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/652608333/804c3ab1f6)

## Improved proofing capabilities for reviewers and requestors

>[!NOTE]
>
>Released to EMEA customers only. Functionality coming to U.S. customers soon.

To provide a more integrated experience between Workfront and Proof, we’ve made several improvements regarding proofing capabilities for Reviewers and Requestors:

You can grant Moderator or Author roles to any user in Workfront, regardless of whether they have a Proofing license, giving them additional rights, like applying actions or resolving comments.

You can add Reviewers and Requestors to proofs that require a login or that need to be electronically signed.

All users also benefit from improved connectivity between Workfront and Proof. Now, when deactivating a user or updating a user’s email address, your updates are correctly reflected in proofing when changed in Workfront.

For more information, see

* [Proof Roles overview](../../../review-and-approve-work/proofing/proofing-overview/proof-roles.md) 
* [User synchronization between Adobe Workfront and Workfront Proof](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-workfront/configure-proofing/user-sync-proofing.md)

## Desktop Viewer Upgrade

We’ve upgraded the Desktop Proofing Viewer to support up to Chrome version 91 for greater compatibility with interactive proofs.

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>Windows users must manually reinstall the desktop viewer to upgrade to the latest version. After that, future updates to the Desktop Proofing Viewer will be automatic. For help reinstalling, see Content/Review and approve work/Proofing/Use the Desktop Proofing Viewer/installing-desktop-proofing-viewer.html.

Mac users will be upgraded to the latest version automatically.

## Electronic Signature Enhancements for proofs

>[!NOTE]
>
>Released to Preview environments for EMEA customers only. Functionality coming to US customers soon.

We’ve made it easier for users to sign proofs electronically. Now, users can use their Workfront credentials to sign a decision on a proof.

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>To electronically sign a proof with SSO credentials, you must set SSO up in . For more information on enabling SSO, see [Configure Single Sign-On for Workfront Proof users](../../../workfront-proof/wp-acct-admin/account-settings/configure-sso-for-wp-users.md).

Previously, users had to use Workfront Proof credentials, which are different from their Workfront credentials.

For more info, see [Proof security overview](../../../review-and-approve-work/proofing/proofing-overview/proof-security-overview.md).

<!--
<div data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
<h2><a name="Update"></a>Update to toolbar on dashboard list</h2>
<p>The toolbar on the dashboard list now has a modern look and feel that matches other Workfront lists such as projects, tasks, and issues. This intuitive toolbar now makes it easier to add, edit, share, copy, and delete dashboards.</p>
<p>For more information, see Content/Reports and Dashboards/Dashboards/Creating and Managing Dashboards/_create-and-manage-dashboards.htm.</p>
</div>
-->

## Enhancements to proof functionality in mobile app

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature will be generally available in the Apple App Store and Google Play Store the week of January 17.

In the Adobe Workfront mobile app, you can now:

* Share proofs with internal and external recipients
* View proof comments
* Download proofs

The following article will be updated when the app is released to the app stores:

[Review and make decisions on proofs in the Adobe Workfront mobile app](../../../workfront-basics/mobile-apps/using-the-workfront-mobile-app/work-with-proofs-in-mobile-app.md) 
