

# 22.1 release activity:&nbsp;Week of November 1, 2021

This page describes all enhancements made with the 22.1 release to the Preview environment the week of November 1, 2021. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment later this year

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
the week of October 4, 2021
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

.For a list of all changes available at this point in the 22.1 release cycle, see [22.2 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.2-release-activity/22-2-release-overview.md).

## New for administrators: Manage company memberships more easily

In the Companies area, an updated toolbar makes it easy to add existing Workfront users to a company and to remove company members.

Previously, these actions were available only in the Edit Company box.

The updated toolbar also contains all of the actions that were available in the previous toolbar, such as editing members’ user profile information and deactivating them in the system.

For more information, see [Manage company memberships](../../../administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/organizational-setup/manage-company-memberships.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/642385873?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/642385873/bda6bec5ce)

## Updated Summary panel experience in the Submitted section of the Requests area

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature was temporarily removed from the Preview environment on November 12, 2021. It will be re-added at a later date.

To improve visibility and interaction with the Summary panel, we have added a label to the Open Summary icon in the Submitted section of the Requests area. The label is now dynamic and it updates depending on whether the panel is open or closed.

When opening the Summary panel without first selecting a request, a more user-friendly image now displays to clearly instruct the user to select an item before opening the panel. For more information, see [Locate submitted requests](../../../manage-work/requests/create-requests/locate-submitted-requests.md).

With this change, the Summary panel for tasks, issues, and documents has also been updated. For information about the Summary panel, see [Summary overview in the new Adobe Workfront experience](../../../workfront-basics/the-new-workfront-experience/summary-overview.md).

## New experience when moving one or multiple tasks from a list

To offer a consistent experience when performing the same task, we have now updated the interface for moving one or multiple tasks from a list to match the experience when moving the task at the task level. (We had updated the experience for moving a task at the task level in a previous Preview release.)

For more information, see [Move tasks](../../../manage-work/tasks/manage-tasks/move-tasks.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/637948554?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/637948554/8766b69338) 
