---
filename: 2019.3-release-activity-overview
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: 2019-3-release-activity
title: 2019.3 release activity overview
description: This page provides information about the functionality included in the 2019.3 release. The functionality on this page was made available in the Production environment the week of August 19, 2019. For specific dates and times explaining when the release was made available, see the Workfront Trust Site.
---

# 2019.3 release activity overview

This page provides information about the functionality included in the 2019.3 release. The functionality on this page was made available in the Production environment the week of August 19, 2019. For specific dates and times explaining when the release was made available, see the [Workfront Trust Site](https://trust.workfront.com/).

To download this page in PDF format, go here.

To view a list of enhancements released after the 2019.3 release, see [Product releases](../../../../product-announcements/product-releases/product-releases.md).

## Enhancements for all users

The 2019.3 release contains the following enhancements:

### Project enhancements

* The Open filter now shows more results in a list of IssuesThe Open filter now shows more results in a list of Issues

  When you apply the Open filter to a list of issues, the list includes issues that are in a Closed - Pending Approval status or are associated with a resolving object.

* New experience when inline editing information in lists New experience when inline editing information in lists

  When you inline edit information in the new lists, the rows that have been edited will be dimmed, but the information will remain visible.

* Edit Gantt without Enabling a Special Editing ModeEdit Gantt without Enabling a Special Editing Mode

  You can now edit the task list Gantt chart when the Autosave is enabled or not.

* Updated Lists for Project, Task, and Issues Hours TabsUpdated Lists for Project and Task Hours Tabs

  The improved list views are now available in the Hours tabs for Projects, Tasks, and Issues.

### Resource Planning enhancements

* Build a report for Budgeted HoursBuild a report for Budgeted Hours

  You can now build a report to view Budgeted Hours outside the Resource Planner.

* New settings to hide the Actual Hours column in the Resource PlannerNew settings to hide the Actual Hours column in the Resource Planner

  You can now display or hide the Actual Hours column when viewing information by user in the Resource Planner.

* Resource Pools are persistent in the Resource Budgeting area of the Business CaseResource Pools are persistent in the Resource Budgeting area of the Business Case

  Now, when you are budgeting your resources in the Resource Budgeting area of the Business Case, the Resource Pools that you have already saved on the project are persistent when you navigate away from the page and come back.

* Financial data access to Cost Rates impacts information in the Resource Planner that displays by costFinancial data access to Cost Rates impacts information in the Resource Planner that displays by cost

  Workfront administrators can now determine which users have access to view or edit cost information for roles, users, or projects in the Resource Planner.

### Integration and mobile enhancements

* Support of shared items in the MS OneDrive integrationSupport of shared items in the MS OneDrive integration

  Now you can link your shared OneDrive files and folders to Workfront objects.

* Domain specification required for all Workfront loginsDomain specification required for all Workfront logins

  All Workfront logins now require the user to specify the domain if the domain is not already specified in the Workfront URL. Requiring this information makes your Workfront instance more secure.

* Workfront mobile app available for Blackberry Marketplace `(Coming in a future release)`

  The Workfront mobile app is coming in a future release to the Blackberry Dynamics for Blackberry Marketplace.

* Convert tasks and issues to projects using the mobile app on iOS [Convert tasks and issues to projects using the mobile app on iOS](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Integration-and-mobile-enhancements-1150184880)

  You can now convert individual tasks and issues to projects in the Workfront mobile app.

* Log in to the mobile app with fingerprint or face ID [Log in to the mobile app with fingerprint or face ID](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Integration-and-mobile-enhancements-1150184880)

  Depending on your device, you can choose to log in to the Workfront mobile app using fingerprint or face ID technology.

* New setting to automatically log users out on mobile [New setting to automatically log users out on mobile](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Integration-and-mobile-enhancements-1150184880)

  In order to make the Workfront mobile app more secure for you and your company, users will be logged out automatically after 8 minutes of inactivity.

* Filter by Dead Projects in the Mobile appFilter by Dead Projects in the Mobile app

  We've added Dead Projects as a filter option on the Projects tab in the Mobile app.

* Delete objects using the Mobile app on iOS Delete objects using the Mobile app on iOS

  You can now delete objects like tasks, issues, and timesheets in the Mobile app. You must have the correct permissions on the object to delete it.

* Reset your password using the Mobile app Reset your password using the Mobile app

  You can use the Workfront Mobile app to reset your password if you've forgotten it.

* New look and feel for Mobile [New look and feel for Mobile](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Integration-and-mobile-enhancements-1150184880)

  We've added several new look and feel improvements to enhance your experience in the Workfront Mobile app.

### Home enhancements

* Updates to the look and feel in Home [Updates to the look and feel in Home](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Home-enhancements-49840092)

### Enhancements releasing prior to the general 2019.3 release

This section describes changes made during the 2019.3 release time frame that will release to the Production environment prior to the general 2019.3 release.

* Change the display type of a field in a custom form [Change the display type of a field in a custom form](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Project-enhancements-1332102832)

  Now you can change the display type of a field in a custom form.

  For example, if you have created a Checkboxes field, you can change it to a Dropdown field or a Radio Buttons field. These three field display types are interchangeable.

* Create time off calendars and reports [Create time off calendars and reports](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Project-enhancements-1332102832)

  You can now see user’s time off for better planning and execution. You can also add new time off reports and calendars to your dashboards for a real-time view of user availability.

* [Updated API Endpoint for Time Off (/reservedtime)](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Enhancements-Releasing-Prior-to-the-General-2019-3-Release-1824277975)

  With the updated API endpoint for Time Off (/reservedtime), you can enter time off into Workfront as individual reservedtime objects, multiple objects in a single post, or edit existing objects.

* Consider or ignore user time off in task dates

  <!--
  Consider or ignore user time off in task dates
  -->

  You can now decide whether to allow the time off schedule of the Primary Assignee of a task to adjust the planned dates.

* Custom Conditions 

  <!--
  Custom
  -->

  [Conditions](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Project-enhancements-1332102832)

  Now you can customize the Conditions you use for projects, tasks, and issues and better meet the needs of your organization.

* New email notification for Teams [New email notification for Teams](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Project-enhancements-1332102832)

  There is a new email event notification for teams. Team members receive an email notification when a project with tasks assigned to their team becomes active. This setting is turned off by default.

* Document Updates Now Appear on the Associated Object and Project [Document Updates now appear on the associated object and project](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Project-enhancements-1332102832)

  Now, when you comment on a document, your update appears on the Updates tab both for the document and for the object where the document is attached.

* Visibility into the Time-off Schedule of a User When Assigning Them to Tasks and Issues [Visibility into the time-off schedule of a user when assigning them to tasks and issues](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Project-enhancements-1332102832)

  When you assign a user to a task or an issue, you can now see an in-line warning if the user selected has time off scheduled any time between the planned dates of the task or issue.

* Add Fields That Represent Objects in Custom Forms [Add fields that represent objects in Custom Forms](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Project-enhancements-1332102832)

  We have created a new field type in the custom form builder called Typeahead. This field allows you to add fields that represent objects to your custom forms.

* Mobile App Requires Domain When Logging In [Mobile app requires domain when logging in](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Integration-and-mobile-enhancements-1150184880)

  As a security improvement, the Workfront Mobile App now requires you to provide your domain if you do not log in with Single Sign-On credentials.

* New Request “Subject” Field Has Been Renamed to “Name” [New Request "Subject" field has been renamed to "Name"](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Project-enhancements-1332102832) `Removed from release`

### Functionality being removed

* Removing the Issues tab from the Kanban board [Removing the Issues tab from the Kanban board](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Project-enhancements-1332102832)

  We are removing the Issues tab from the Kanban board, but you can still access the Issues subtab from the Backlog on the Kanban board.

* Removing the Documents and Issues tabs from the iteration details page [Removing the Documents and Issues tabs from the iteration details page](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Project-enhancements-1332102832#Removing2)

  We are removing the Documents and Issues tabs from the Agile iteration details page.

## Workfront Maintenance Updates

For information about the maintenance updates made during the 2019.3 release, see .

## Announcements

* [The new Workfront experience beta now available in Preview](#the) 
* [Workfront Library now available](#workfron2) 
* [API Version 3 no longer supported](#api) 
* [TLS 1.0 and 1.1 support Is ending](#tls) 
* [Flash application removal](#flash) 
* [Various Single Sign-On options to be removed](#various) 
* [Q3 Product Roadmap Webinar](#q3)

The new Workfront experience beta now available in Preview The new Workfront experience provides a fresh, modern design in addition to new functionality. 

### Workfront Library now available

Workfront Library is an enterprise digital content hub you can use to manage the full lifecycle of your organization's digital assets.

To see what's new in Workfront Library, seeWorkfront Library release activity [Workfront Library Release Activity](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Workfront-Library-Release-Activity-462225491).

### API Version 3 no longer supported

Support for API version 3 ended in November 2018. For more information about the support schedule for versions of the Workfront API, see API versioning and support schedule [API Version Release and Support Schedule](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/API-Version-Release-and-Support-Schedule-272875487).

### TLS 1.0 and 1.1 support Is ending

In order to provide optimal security, Workfront is requiring that all integrations and web traffic using TLS 1.1 or earlier be upgraded to use TLS 1.2. In the Preview environment, TLS&nbsp;1.0 is already disabled.

For more information, see TLS 1.2 to be required in Adobe Workfront [TLS 1.2 to be required in Workfront](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/TLS-1-2-to-be-required-in-Workfront-1474533813).

### Flash application removal

All functionality that relies on Flash technology has been removed from Workfront since the 2018.3 release and replaced with a new solution.

For detailed information about the legacy Flash tools and their replacements, see Replacement of Flash-based tools in Adobe Workfront [Replacement of Flash-based tools in Workfront](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Replacement-of-Flash-Based-Tools-in-Workfront-194935493).

### Various Single Sign-On options to be removed

The following Single Sign-On (SSO) options are now supported only in a limited capacity; they will be removed from the product in the second half of 2019:

* LDAP

  For more information about using LDAP with Workfront, see Configure Adobe Workfront with LDAP [Configuring Workfront with LDAP](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Configuring-Workfront-with-LDAP-1449733049).

* Active Directory

  For more information about using Active Directory with Workfront, see Configure Adobe Workfront with Active Directory [Configuring Workfront with Active Directory](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Configuring-Workfront-with-Active-Directory-899157379).

* SAML 1.1

  For more information about using SAML 1.1 with Workfront, see Configure Adobe Workfront with SAML 1.1 [Configuring Workfront with SAML 1.1](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Configuring-Workfront-with-SAML-1-1-1062120191).

Following is the removal timeline for these SSO options:

* Limited support: August 2018 - January 2019

  Major issues submitted during this time will be fixed; low severity issues will not be addressed.

* Deprecation: January 2019 - November 2019 (with the 2019.4 release)

  Not supported.

* No longer available in Workfront: August 2019

### Q3 Product Roadmap Webinar

Learn more about what’s to come during the [Q3 Roadmap webinar](https://event.on24.com/eventRegistration/EventLobbyServlet?target=reg20.jsp&partnerref=Product&eventid=2040896&sessionid=1&key=EFBB434E2FDF446E010DA62D1C27E9E5&regTag=&sourcepage=register) on August 1st at 9:00 am. MST.
