---
filename: 2019.4-release-activity-overview
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: 2019-4-release-activity
title: 2019.4 release overview
description: The 2019.4 release was made available in the Production environment the week of November 11, 2019. This page provides information about the functionality included in the 2019.4 release.
---

# 2019.4 release overview

The 2019.4 release was made available in the Production environment the week of November 11, 2019. This page provides information about the functionality included in the 2019.4 release.

<!--
As the 2019.4 release nears its planned Production release, this page will be updated with all functionality included with 2019.4.
-->

<!--
This page provides information about the functionality included in the 2019.4 release. The functionality on this page will be made available in the Production environment the week of November 11, 2019. Specific dates and times explaining when the release will be made available will be added to the Workfront Trust Site closer to the time of release.
-->

To download this page in PDF format, go here.

## Enhancements for all users

Some functionality was released prior to the 2019.4 release. To see what was released prior to the 2019.4 release, see [2019.4 other enhancements](../../../../product-announcements/product-releases/quarterly-release-archive/2019.4-release-activity/2019.4-other-enhancements.md).

The 2019.4 release contains the following enhancements:

* [List enhancements](#list) 
* [Mobile enhancements](#mobile) 
* [Resource Scheduling enhancements](#resource) 
* [Other enhancements](#other)

### List enhancements

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>Some list enhancements (as indicated below) have been removed from the 2019.4 release. These enhancements were removed from the Preview environment on November 8, 2019 and will not be included with the 2019.4 release to Production. These enhancements will be added back to the Preview environment after the 2019.4 release to Production, and will be made available to Production in a future release.

<table cellspacing="15"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Updated look and feel of new listsUpdated look and feel of new lists - Modified Project, Task, and Hours lists now have an updated look and feel. Other lists that were planned to be updated with the 2019.4 release will be updated with a future release. Preview release: October 4, 2019 Production release: November 2019 with the 2019.4 release New design applied to lists for Reports, Template tasks, Portfolios, and moreNew design applied to lists for Reports, Template tasks, Portfolios, and more -Removed from release The new list design is now available on many additional list types. Preview release: October 11, 2019 Production release: November 2019 with the 2019.4 release New tooltip added to quick filtersNew tooltip added to quick filters Instead of using your browser's native functionality for finding an item in a list, you can use quick filters in all the redesigned lists. Preview release: October 11, 2019 Production release: November 2019 with the 2019.4 release 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>New shortcuts for quick filtersNew shortcuts for quick filters </p> <p>Keyboard shortcut reminders are now available inside the search box of quick filters in lists to make it easier for you to access the filters.</p> </td> 
   <td> <p>Preview release:&nbsp;August 30, 2019</p> <p>Production release:&nbsp;November 2019 with the 2019.4 release</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Mobile enhancements

<table cellspacing="15"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Workfront app for iPadWorkfront app for iPad Workfront now provides a new mobile app designed and optimized specifically for iPad. For more information about using Workfront on both iPad and iPhone, see Adobe Workfront for iOS. Preview release: No Preview availability Production release: November 2019 with the 2019.4 release Delete objects using the Mobile app on AndroidDelete objects using the Mobile app on Android You can now delete objects like tasks, issues, and timesheets in the Android mobile app. Preview release: October 4, 2019 Production release: November 2019 with the 2019.4 release Convert Tasks, Issues, and Requests to a Project using the mobile app on AndroidConvert Tasks, Issues, and Requests to a Project using the mobile app on Android You can now convert individual Tasks, Issues, and Requests to projects in the Workfront mobile app on Android. Preview release: October 4, 2019 Production release: November 2019 with the 2019.4 release Access existing Favorites and add new Favorites on mobileAccess existing Favorites and add new Favorites on mobile You can now access the Favorites menu on the Workfront mobile app on both iOS and Android devices. You can access existing items from the Favorites menu and add new items to the Favorites menu. Updated navigation on AndroidUpdated Navigation on Android Navigation in Android mobile app more closely resembles navigation when accessing Workfront in a browser 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Resource Scheduling enhancements

<table cellspacing="15"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> The Workload Balancer betaThe Workload Balancer beta The Workload Balancer provides a new interface for managing the workload of your resources. This is intended to replace the Resource Scheduler sometime in the future. Preview release: October 11, 2019 Production release: November 2019 with the 2019.4 release Resource Planner custom columnsResource Planner custom columns Now, you can customize the columns that you display in the Resource Planner to include just the information that most interests you. Preview release: October 24, 2019 Production release: November 2019 with the 2019.4 release 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Other enhancements

<table cellspacing="15"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Start an automated proofing workflow from an Adobe CC document Start an automated proofing workflow from an Adobe CC document Without leaving Adobe CC, you can start an automated proofing workflow for an Adobe CC document you have created. Preview release: No Preview availability Production release: November 2019 with the 2019.4 release <!--
   Workfront G Suite add-on Now you can manage Workfront objects directly from Gmail, Google Calendar, and Google Drive. Preview release: No Preview availability Production release: November 2019 with the 2019.4 release
  --> Prevent duplicate email addressesPrevent duplicate email addresses You can no longer use the same email address when creating multiple users in Workfront, even if those email addresses vary by case. For example, you cannot create one user with the email address of JohnDoe@example.com and another user with the email address of johndoe@example.com. Preview release: No Preview availability Production release: November 2019 with the 2019.4 release Additional object types available for Typeahead fields in a custom form Additional object types available for Typeahead fields in a custom form Now, when you are creating a Typeahead custom field, you can associate the following object types with the field: User, Company, Group, Job Role, Portfolio, Program, Project, and Template. Preview release: October 11, 2019 Production release: November 2019 with the 2019.4 release Filename of latest version of a document displayed Now, when you upload a document version with a different filename than that of the existing version, the new filename displays in Workfront. Preview release: August 26, 2019 Production release: November 2019 with the 2019.4 release Create time off calendars and reports You can now see user’s time off for better planning and execution. Preview release: August 9, 2019 Production release: August 30, 2019 Change the display type of a field in a custom form Now you can change the display type of a field in a custom form. Preview release: August 9, 2019 Production release: August 30, 2019 Add a filter to a Typeahead field in a custom form Now, when you add a Typeahead field to a custom form, you can add a filter to limit the objects that are available when someone uses the field. Preview release: October 4, 2019 Production release: October 18, 2019 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## Workfront Maintenance Updates

For information about the maintenance updates made during the 2019.4 release, see Workfront Maintenance Updates.

## Announcements

* [Various Single Sign-On options to be removed](#various) 
* [API Version 3 no longer supported](#api) 
* [TLS 1.0 and 1.1 support Is ending](#tls) 
* [Flash application removal](#flash) 
* [Q4 Product Roadmap Webinar](#q4)

### Various Single Sign-On options to be removed

The following Single Sign-On (SSO) options are now supported only in a limited capacity; they will be removed from the product in the second half of 2019:

* LDAP

  For more information about using LDAP with Workfront, see Configure Adobe Workfront with LDAP [Configuring Workfront with LDAP](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Configuring-Workfront-with-LDAP-1449733049).

* Active Directory

  For more information about using Active Directory with Workfront, see Configure Adobe Workfront with Active Directory [Configuring Workfront with Active Directory](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Configuring-Workfront-with-Active-Directory-899157379).

* SAML 1.1

  For more information about using SAML 1.1 with Workfront, see Configure Adobe Workfront with SAML 1.1 [Configuring Workfront with SAML 1.1](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Configuring-Workfront-with-SAML-1-1-1062120191).

Following is the removal timeline for these SSO options:

* Limited support: August 2018 - January 2019

  Major issues submitted during this time will be fixed; low severity issues will not be addressed.

* Deprecation: January 2019 - November 2019 (with the 2019.4 release)

  Not supported.

* No longer available in Workfront for new configurations: November 2019
* Required migration for existing customers:&nbsp;Early 2020

### API Version 3 no longer supported

Support for API version 3 ended in November 2018. For more information about the support schedule for versions of the Workfront API, see API versioning and support schedule [API Version Release and Support Schedule](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/API-Version-Release-and-Support-Schedule-272875487).

### TLS 1.0 and 1.1 support Is ending

In order to provide optimal security, Workfront is requiring that all integrations and web traffic using TLS 1.1 or earlier be upgraded to use TLS 1.2. In the Preview environment, TLS&nbsp;1.0 is already disabled.

For more information, see TLS 1.2 to be required in Adobe Workfront [TLS 1.2 to be required in Workfront](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/TLS-1-2-to-be-required-in-Workfront-1474533813).

### Flash application removal

All functionality that relies on Flash technology has been removed from Workfront since the 2018.3 release and replaced with a new solution.

For detailed information about the legacy Flash tools and their replacements, see Replacement of Flash-based tools in Adobe Workfront [Replacement of Flash-based tools in Workfront](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Replacement-of-Flash-Based-Tools-in-Workfront-194935493).

### Q4 Product Roadmap Webinar

Learn more about what’s to come during the [Q4 Roadmap webinar](https://webinars.on24.com/workfront/Q4roadmap?partnerref=announcementcenter). This webinar was held on November 6, 2019. Click the link to register and watch the recording on demand.
