---
filename: create-templates-from-examples
product-area: templates
navigation-topic: templates-navigation-topic
title: Create project templates from examples
description: You can build templates based on the example templates described in this article.
---

# Create project templates from examples

You can build templates based on the example templates described in this article. This catalog contains a number of .xml project files that you can add to your Adobe Workfront instance by importing them as Microsoft projects. Once you import them, they become Workfront projects which you can save as your own project templates. If your organization uses the new Adobe Workfront experience, we recommend that you speak with your Workfront administrator and ask them to down templates using Blueprints. For more information, see Configure a project template blueprint. Access requirements You must have the following to perform the actions in this article: Adobe Workfront plan&#42; Any Adobe Workfront license&#42; Plan Access level configurations&#42; Edit access to Projects and Templates Note: If you still don't have access, ask your Workfront administrator if they set additional restrictions in your access level. For information on how a Workfront administrator can modify your access level, see Create or modify custom access levels. Object permissions You have Manage permissions to the templates you create, by default For information on requesting additional access, see Request access to objects in Adobe Workfront. &#42;To find out what plan, license type, or access you have, contact your Workfront administrator. Download a template to Workfront from an existing template Download the zipped XML file from the lists below, by clicking the template name that you want to build. See Available templates . Unzip the file on your desktop. Extract the .xml file from the downloaded .zip file and save it somewhere on your computer. In Workfront, go to the Projects area in the Global Navigation Bar and select the Projects tab. Click the New Project drop-down menu, and select Import MS Project. Browse for the .xml file you extracted from the .zip file and complete the steps of the import wizard. This adds the template to Workfront as a project. Click Project Actions on the project you have imported. Select Save as Template. Consider specifying the following information: Template Name: Specify the name of the template. Description: Add a description of your template. Select a custom form from the Add Forms drop-down menu. Click Next Step. Select the information that you want to clear in the template. Click Next Step. Select the tasks that you want to exclude from the template. The tasks you select here will not be included in the template. Click Finish and Save Template. Available templates Various project templates are available, depending on the type of project that you are creating. While the templates in the following sections were created with a specific purpose in mind, a templates can be used for other types of projects. Marketing project templates IT project templates Other project templates Workfront implementation templates Marketing project templates The templates in this section include direct mail, events, micro-sites, video, and more. While intended for marketing processes, these templates can be used for other types of projects. Each template provides industry standard workflow guidelines to get you started and can be customized to fit your organization’s processes. Broadcast Workflow Template Digital Workflow Template Direct Mail Template Event Workflow Template Integrated Campaign Workflow Template New Microsite Template Print OOH Workflow Template Video Workflow Template Video Commercial Template IT project templates IT: Disaster Recovery This template outlines the activities that an IT team would need to complete as part of a Disaster Recovery project. IT: Governance This template provides a generic outline of activities completed by an IT team subscribing to ITG principles. IT: Infrastructure Deployment Plan This template provides a generic outline of activities completed by an IT team to enhance systems/ infrastructure. IT: Security Infrastructure Improvement Plan This template represents an example of a Security Infrastructure Improvement Plan project. In the Initiation Phase, you will find tasks for developing a charter, preliminary technical assessments, business requirements, etc. In the Planning Phase, a more detailed plan is developed and tasks are inserted into place-holder spots within the Construction, Testing, Deploy, and Close phases. In the Planning Phase, a more detailed plan is developed and tasks are inserted into place-holder spots within the Construction, Testing, Deploy, and Close phases. The Construction phase contains a number of tasks that are required for each iteration of the project and place-holders for specific development activities. The Testing phase contains place-holders for Quality Assurance and User Acceptance Test activities, as well as Customer approval. The Deploy phase provides a location where, during the Planning phase, tasks can be added to outline specific steps to go live with the product and pass maintenance off to an operations team. In the Close phase, you will find tasks to finalize the project plan; including, development and presentation of training materials and documentation. It also contains a task representing a post-mortem meeting. Software Development Lifecycle This Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) template was created for a customer who followed a traditional waterfall methodology for their development processes. The template features parent tasks that represent the major phases of the project. The names used to describe their phases are: Initiation, Planning, Construction, Testing, Deploy, and Close. Other project templates The templates in this section range from suggested Workfront implementation schedules to software development life cycles to industry-specific workflows across a number of verticals. Finance: Monthly Closeout This is an example of the steps a Finance team may complete as a repeated process for Monthly Closeout activities. Product Development: Generic This template is a generic outline of activities to be completed for new product development projects. Product Development: Pharmaceuticals This template represents an outline of activities to be completed for new product development projects for pharmaceuticals. Six Sigma: DMAIC Project (In Depth) Version 1 This template provides an in depth outline of typical activities needed to complete SixSigma's DMAIC approach to project management. Six Sigma: DMAIC Project (In Depth) Version 2 This template provides an in depth outline of typical activities needed to complete SixSigma's DMAIC approach to project management. Six Sigma: DMAIC Project (Simplified) This is a Simplified version of a Six Sigma DMAIC Project. Workfront implementation templates The following project plans were developed specifically to assist new Workfront customers in understanding the steps they must follow in order to implement Workfront. Each plan corresponds to the activities Workfront is committed to perform as part of each of our standard implementation programs. Workfront Getting Started Template If you are just getting started with Workfront, there are several steps you will need to take in order to be successful. The Getting Started Project Template is an outline that will walk you through the steps for an outstanding Workfront implementation. The Basic Business Process Program The Preferred Business Process Program The Premium Business Process Program  