

# 21.4 release activity:&nbsp;Week of August 9, 2021

This page describes all enhancements made with the 21.4 release to the Preview environment the week of Aug 9, 2021. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment later this year

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
the week of October 4, 2021
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

.

For a list of all changes available at this point in the 21.4 release cycle, see [22.2 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.2-release-activity/22-2-release-overview.md).

## New for group administrators: Lock and unlock project, task, and issue preferences for a group

Now you can ensure that everyone in the subgroups below your group is using the same preference settings, or you can allow them to configure a preference setting for their unique workflows.

* After a Workfront administrator unlocks a preference at the system level, you can configure and then lock it for all subgroups below your group. Though you can still reconfigure the locked preference, administrators of lower subgroups can’t do so for their groups.

  Conversely, you can unlock a preference for your group. This allows subgroup administrators to configure it for their users’ unique project, task, or issue workflow needs.

  For more information, see [Lock or unlock a project, task, or issue preference for subgroups](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-groups/lock-or-unlock-a-group-preference.md).

* If you are a Workfront administrator, you don’t need to go to the Groups area to configure a subgroup’s preferences. From the main Project Preferences, Tasks & Issues Preferences, or Timesheets and Hours Preferences area, you can use the search box at the top of the page to find the subgroup and configure its preferences.

  For more information, see [Configure project preferences for a group](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-groups/configure-project-preferences-group.md) and [Configure task and issue preferences for a group](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-groups/configure-task-issue-preferences-group.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/586020054?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/586020054/00090701bf)

## New for group administrators: Create and edit templates from the Groups area

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Workfront experience.

We’re continuing to make it easier to manage your groups and their associated objects in one place. Now you can view and work with a group’s templates from the Groups area in Setup. This saves you from having to go to the Templates area to manage a group’s templates. And it keeps the list of group templates you’re working on separate from the others throughout the system.

For more information, see Create and modify a group’s project templates in the new Adobe Workfront experience.

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/586023814?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/586023814/1f7230e263)

## New keyboard shortcuts for indenting and outdenting in lists

To provide an accessible experience for all system users and comply with standard keyboard navigation principles, the indent/outdent keyboard commands have changed.

For Mac, press Option + > to indent a list item and Option + < to outdent.

For Windows, press Alt + > to indent a list item and Alt + < to outdent.

Previously, the keyboard shortcut for indenting in a list was Tab and outdenting was Shift + Tab. However, using the Tab key for indenting and outdenting meant that it was not possible to tab through all active fields in the interface.

This change applies only to updated lists and not to legacy lists.

For more information, see [Create subtasks](../../../manage-work/tasks/create-tasks/create-subtasks.md).
