

# 21.4 release activity:&nbsp;Week of July 26, 2021

This page describes all enhancements made with the 21.4 release to the Preview environment the week of July 26, 2021. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment in July 2022

<!--
<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">
the week of April 4, 2022
</MadCap:conditionalText>
-->

.

For a list of all changes available at this point in the 21.4 release cycle, see [22.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.3-release-activity/22-3-release-overview.md).

## Custom field display improvement for checkboxes and radio buttons

Viewing and selecting checkbox and radio button options in custom forms just became easier—a custom field with many checkbox or radio button options now displays in multiple columns across the page. Previously, they displayed in a single column, which required extra scrolling for users filling out the form.

This does depend on how you position the fields in the custom form—if you place another field in the same row with the checkbox or radio button field, the options might have only enough horizontal space to display in a single column.

For information about filling out a custom form, see [Edit information in custom form fields](../../../workfront-basics/work-with-custom-forms/edit-custom-forms.md).

For information about creating a checkbox or radio button field in a custom form, see the sections [Create or edit a custom form](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/create-or-edit-a-custom-form.md#create) and [Create or edit a custom form](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/create-or-edit-a-custom-form.md#configur) in the article [Create or edit a custom form](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/create-or-edit-a-custom-form.md).

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/580326409?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode](https://vimeo.com/580326409/faccb1e558).

## More clearly see details of account access when giving consent to Adobe Workfront integrations

The consent screens for Adobe Workfront integrations are now updated. Now, you can see the specific actions and areas that the integrations has access to, so that you can better understand what you are allowing the integration or application to access.

This new consent screen applies to any Adobe Workfront integration that uses OAuth 2.0.

For details on specific integrations, see that integration's documentation.

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/580421677?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/580421677/ed98219259)

## Updates to Workfront for Slack

The following updates are now visible in the Workfront for Slack integration:

* Workfront for Slack has a new look and feel. 
* Now you receive your Workfront for Slack notifications in real time.

  For example, if you are assigned to a task, you receive that notification as soon as you are assigned. Previously, there could be a delay before the notification appeared in Slack.

This update requires that you reauthorize your Workfront for Slack integration. For information on authorizing the integration, see [Configure Adobe Workfront for Slack](../../../workfront-integrations-and-apps/using-workfront-with-slack/configure-workfront-for-slack.md).

For more information on Workfront for Slack notifications, see [Receive Adobe Workfront notifications in Slack](../../../workfront-integrations-and-apps/using-workfront-with-slack/receive-workfront-notifications-in-slack.md).
