---
filename: 21-2-mar-8
content-type: release-notes
keywords: notes,quarterly,update
navigation-topic: 2021-2-release-activity
title: 21.2 release activity: Week of March 8, 2021
description: This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 21.2 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.
---

# 21.2 release activity:&nbsp;Week of March 8, 2021

This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 21.2 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available with the 21.2 release, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## Enhanced security when uploading files to Google Drive

The Google Drive integration now supports new Google security protocols.

When linking to, uploading, or creating files on Google Drive from the Documents section of an Adobe Workfront object, Workfront now accesses your Google files through Google's file picker. This limits Workfront's access and visibility only to those Google files that you link to Workfront.

Previously, files were accessed through a file dialog based in Workfront.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/521967892?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/521967892/ab11b067b4)

## 12-week view in the Workload Balancer

You can now view up to 12 weeks of information in the Workload Balancer. Prior to this enhancement, you could view 2,4, and 6 weeks of information.

For information about viewing the Workload Balancer, see [Navigate the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/navigate-the-workload-balancer.md)Navigate the Workload Balancer.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/521971867?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/521971867/daebeb2c7f)

## Use Planned Hours when calculating Net values in the Resource Planner

A new setting in the Resource Planner allows you to use Planned Hours when calculating Net values.

Prior to this enhancement, Workfront calculated Net values only using Budgeted Hours. Net values display the difference between Available and Budgeted or Planned hours, FTE, or cost. Budgeted Hours is still the default setting when calculating Net values.

For information, see [Overview of hours, FTE, and cost information in the Project and Role views of the Resource Planner](../../../resource-mgmt/resource-planning/overview-of-planner-hour-fte-cost-information-in-role-project-views.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/522026737?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/522026737/0cb6ce8144)

## New for group administrators: Assign group timesheet profiles

Now it’s easier to manage timesheet profiles for a group you administer. Not only can you create timesheet profiles, you can assign them to your groups or to individual members of your groups. This is true even when the Timesheets & hours option is not enabled in your access level.

Up until now, enabling Timesheets & hours option was required in order to assign timesheet profiles. But this might not be ideal for every group administrator because it grants view and edit access to all timesheet and hours information in the system. If you don’t need this level of access, now you can manage timesheet profiles for your groups.

For more information, see [Create, edit, and assign timesheet profiles](../../../timesheets/create-and-manage-timesheets/create-timesheet-profiles.md).

For information about the Timesheets & hours option in an access level, see [Grant users administrative access to certain areas](../../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/grant-users-admin-access-certain-areas.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/522034916?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/522034916/0905893b78)

## For administrators: Set the Filter, View, and Grouping that users see in object lists

Using a layout template in the new Workfront experience, you can now set the default Filter, View, and Grouping that users see in object lists throughout Workfront.

For example, instead of leaving the Filter list control set to All, you can change it to My Home Team. This way, whenever a user views a list of objects, it includes only the objects associated with the user’s team.

Previously, these defaults couldn’t be customized, so they were always set as All for Filters, Standard for Views, and Nothing for Groupings. One added bonus of the new functionality is that you can hide these three settings from your users if they don’t need them.

For more information, see Customize Filters, Views, and Groupings using a layout template.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/522039391?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/522039391/3a27a9499a)

## Carry over the existing proof workflow when generating a new version

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature was removed from the Preview environment on March 30, 2021 and from the Production environment on April 1, 2021. It will not be included with the 21.1 release.

Now, the existing proof workflow carries over to any new versions you create, no matter the method in which they are generated.

Previously, there was a slight difference in how the proof workflow was carried over depending on where you generated them in Workfront.

For more information, see [Create a new version of a proof](../../../review-and-approve-work/proofing/managing-proofs-within-workfront/create-new-proof-version.md).
