---
filename: 21-2-feb-15
content-type: release-notes
keywords: notes,quarterly,update
navigation-topic: product-releases
title: 21.2 release activity: Week of February 15, 2021
description: This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 21.2 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.
---

# 21.2 release activity:&nbsp;Week of February 15, 2021

This page describes all `[Product Area]` enhancements made with the `21.2` release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available with the `21.2` release, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## New for administrators: Easily list the reports that are currently using a custom field

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature was released to the Production environment on March 4, 2021.

When you need to edit or delete a custom field that might already be implemented in some `Adobe Workfront` reports, it’s important to assess whether those reports will need adjustments in order to keep working properly after you make the change.

You can add a custom view in the Custom Forms area with a new Reports column that shows which reports are using a particular custom field.

Previously, without this column, you had to manually create a report using text mode or use another workaround to find out which custom fields were being used in reports. This was difficult and tedious if your organization uses many custom fields.

For more information, [View all reports that use a particular custom field](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/view-all-reports-that-use-a-particular-custom-field.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/513506359?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/513506359/d243b2f5b8)

## For group administrators: View and manage a group and its objects in one place

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in `the new Adobe Workfront experience`

Now it’s easier to manage a group when you are viewing a group in the Groups area in Setup. The new More menu lets you quickly edit, copy, or delete the group without going back out to the Groups page. For more information, see [Manage a group](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-groups/manage-a-group.md).

Also, you can view and work with your group’s layout templates, schedules, timesheet profiles, and subgroup members from the group’s page. This saves you from having to go to the various Setup pages for these objects to manage them for your group. And it keeps the list of your group’s objects separate from those of the other groups in the system.

For more information, see the following articles:

* Create and modify a group’s layout templates 
* Create and modify a group’s schedules 
* Create and manage a group’s timesheet profiles 
* View and manage subgroup members

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/513509456?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/513509456/8b32fd6314)

## New for administrators: More text formatting options available in Custom Form fields

When users type in Custom Form fields that allow formatting, they can now organize the text using bullets, numbering, hyperlinks, and block quotes, in addition to bold, italics, and underline.

For more information, see [Create or edit a custom form](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/create-or-edit-a-custom-form.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/513508726?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/513508726/a63186ec85)

## Report on system updates

The new Journal Entry report gives you greater auditability by allowing you to drill in to system updates, including:

* Status changes on a project, task, or issue
* Deleted tasks or issues
* Values in custom fields
* Planned Completion Dates
* Project owner changes

For example, you can set up this report to show activity around a specific custom field, including the project for the custom field, when a value was first entered, what that value was, when the field was updated, what the previous value was, what the newly entered value was, which users completed these actions, etc.

Previously, you could report on system updates only via the Workfront API.

To learn more about this report and what you can use it for, see [Report on the Updates area](../../../reports-and-dashboards/reports/creating-and-managing-reports/create-journal-entry-report.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/513511262?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/513511262/466fe94246)

## Fields removed from the New Request page

>[!NOTE]
>
>Added to Preview with the 21.1 release, but will be included in the 21.2 release to Production.

As part of the redesign of the New Request page, we have updated the New Issue Fields that are set up in the Queue Setup section of a project.

The following New Issue Fields display only when creating an issue from the project's Issues section. They do not display when submitting an issue using a request queue in the Requests area:

* Severity
* Planned Hours
* Planned Start Date
* URL
* Assigned To
* Job Role
* Team

We have replaced the Assigned To, Job Role, and Team fields with the new Assignments field on the New Request page, to efficiently designate a user, job role, or team in a common field as you submit a new request.

For information about defining New Issue Fields for a project, see Create a Request Queue.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/500720751?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/500720751/63bdf6ac91)

## New experience when submitting requests in the Requests area

>[!NOTE]
>
>Added to Preview with the 21.1 release, but will be included in the 21.2 release to Production.

To bring consistency with the new Workfront experience and create efficiencies for you when submitting requests, we have redesigned the New Request box in the Requests area. The following are some of the improvements:

* A consisted user interface with the rest of the the new Workfront experience
* Eliminated the New Requests area for an easier and more intuitive experience
* A new, more efficient way of attaching documents to your requests

Ability to share a link to the request queue, topic group, or queue topic as you enter the request.

For information about submitting requests, see Create and submit Workfront requests.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/500718803?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/500718803/3cac0e333d)

## Share a link to a request queue when submitting a request

>[!NOTE]
>
>Added to Preview with the 21.1 release, but will be included in the 21.2 release to Production.

We have now made it possible to share a link to a request queue, topic group, or queue topic As you create a request.

Before you submit a new request, you can copy a link to the request queue, topic group, or queue topic of the request and share it with other users, or embed it in a dashboard.

For information about sharing a link to a request queue when submitting a request, see Share a link to a request queue.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/500718523?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/500718523/bc6600e610) 
