

# 21.2 release activity:&nbsp;Week of April 19, 2021

This page describes all `[Product Area]` enhancements made with the `21.2` release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available with the `21.2` release, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## For administrators: View Audit Log information about many more areas in Workfront

In the Audit Logs area, you can now track and troubleshoot changes in more areas throughout Workfront. Now the system generates Audit Log entries when a user does any the following:

* Creates, changes, deletes, or shares a custom form
* Creates, changes, deletes, or shares a custom field
* Creates, changes, or deletes a custom section
* Creates, changes, or deletes an exchange rate
* Creates, changes, or deletes a job role
* Creates, changes, or deletes a priority
* Creates, changes, or deletes a severity
* Creates, changes, or deletes a condition

  <!--
  Changes a project preference or creates or deletes a custom quarter
  -->

  <!--
  Changes a task and issue preference
  -->

For more information, see [Audit logs](../../../administration-and-setup/add-users/create-and-manage-users/audit-logs.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/539856733?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/539856733/e94e63570c)

## For group administrators: Improved controls for moving subgroups and an updated toolbar

>[!NOTE]
>
>Available only in `the new Adobe Workfront experience`.

We have made the following improvements in the Subgroups area in Setup.

* To give you a quick way to reorganize the groups you manage, we have added an “Add subgroups” toolbar button that allows you to create new subgroups and move existing ones.

  For more information, see [Manage a subgroup](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-subgroups/manage-subgroups.md).

* The toolbar in the Subgroups area now makes lists consistent with other modernized lists in the new Workfront experience. When you select groups, icons represent available functions in the toolbar.

  For information about the modernized toolbars in the new Workfront experience, see [Toolbar for lists in the new Adobe Workfront experience](../../../workfront-basics/the-new-workfront-experience/new-toolbar-for-lists.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/539859377?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/539859377/84bd210185)

## New for administrators: Updated look and feel on Timesheets & Hours Preferences page

To improve the experience on the Timesheets & Hours Preferences page, we have updated the user interface to match the more modern look and feel found elsewhere throughout Workfront.

Sections and individual options are easier to read because they are separated by more vertical space.

The labels for the 2 radio button options are broken up so they are not so long—the second part of each label is now an info message on a separate line.

For information about Timesheets & Hours Preference, see [Configure timesheet and hour preferences](../../../administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/configure-timesheets-schedules/timesheet-and-hour-preferences.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/539860918?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/539860918/3624741d0f)

## New interface for creating and editing recurring tasks

>[!NOTE]
>
>Available only in `the new Adobe Workfront experience`.

As part of the redesign of the New and Edit Task boxes, we have added the ability to make a new task recurring as well as to edit the parent of a recurring task. This functionality was not included in the New and Edit Task box redesign released earlier.

For more information, see [Create recurring tasks](../../../manage-work/tasks/create-tasks/create-recurring-tasks.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/539887494?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/539887494/5d6eb5bc04)

## Connection between the Scenario Planner, Workload Balancer, and task list

>[!NOTE]
>
>Available only in `the new Adobe Workfront experience`.

To help you with the strategic planning of your projects and ensure they align with the bigger-picture initiatives of the Scenario Planner, we have created a new area on the project that displays job role requirements from the initiatives as well as planned hours estimated on the project’s work items. This area is available for the project-level Workload Balancer as well as for the task list. To support this new functionality, you can also view the Workload Balancer by month, in addition to using the existing daily and weekly options.

For information, see [Overview of reconciling resource allocations between projects and initiatives](../../../scenario-planner/overview-reconcile-allocations-between-projects-initiatives.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/539890235?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/539890235/7127d1d666)

## Month-level view in the Workload Balancer

To help you manage the allocation of resources for larger periods of time, we have now implemented a month-level view for the Workload Balancer. You can view up to three months at a time and update monthly resource allocations. Prior to this change, you could view the Workload Balancer only by day or week.

For information, see [Navigate the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/navigate-the-workload-balancer.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/539893609?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/539893609/a86dd40f4f)

## New Edit Issue Box

>[!NOTE]
>
>Available only in `the new Adobe Workfront experience`.

As part of updating the look and feel of the new Workfront experience, we have redesigned the Edit Issue box. You can access the new Edit Issue box from an individual issue or when editing a single issue from a list.

In addition to an updated look and feel, the following changes are also available in the Issue Task box:

* You can customize your Layout Template once and reflect those customizations in both the Details page and the Edit Issue box.
* Individual custom form names are now available on the left panel inside the Edit Issue box and you can quickly access each form from there.
* We have added the Planned Hours field to the Assignments section to make it easier to update the time it might take resources to complete the issue.
* We have removed the commenting functionality from the Edit Issue screen to eliminate redundancy with the Updates section.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/539897635?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/539897635/47d032e7ec)

## New buttons available in Projects header

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is not yet available in Preview. It will release to the Preview environment on April 29, 2021.

To allow you to quickly filter the list of projects on the Projects page, there are two new buttons in the header that allow you to quickly apply the Projects I’m On or Projects I Own filter.

For more information on these filters, see [Subtabs replaced by new main areas or filters in the new Adobe Workfront experience](../../../workfront-basics/the-new-workfront-experience/subtabs-removed.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/539899695?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/539899695/71295bba4f)

## Move a story or issue from the Scrum board

>[!NOTE]
>
>Available only in `the new Adobe Workfront experience`.

You can now move a story or issue off of your Scrum board by clicking the More icon on a story or issue card and selecting Move to. If you have future iterations defined, you can move the item to another iteration. You can also move the item to your team's backlog.

For more information, see [Manage stories and issues on the Scrum board](../../../agile/use-scrum-in-an-agile-team/scrum-board/manage-scrum-board.md).

## Delete a story or issue from the Scrum board

>[!NOTE]
>
>Available only in `the new Adobe Workfront experience`.

You can now delete a story or issue directly from your Scrum board by clicking the More icon on a story or issue card and selecting Delete. When you delete a story or issue, it is moved to the Recycle Bin for 30 days and can be recovered only by the system administrator.

For more information, see [Manage stories and issues on the Scrum board](../../../agile/use-scrum-in-an-agile-team/scrum-board/manage-scrum-board.md).

## Delete a story or issue from the Kanban board

>[!NOTE]
>
>Available only in `the new Adobe Workfront experience`.

You can now delete a story or issue directly from your Kanban board by clicking the More icon on a story or issue card and selecting Delete. When you delete a story or issue, it is moved to the Recycle Bin for 30 days and can be recovered only by the system administrator.

For more information, see [Delete stories or issues from the Kanban board](../../../agile/use-kanban-in-an-agile-team/delete-story-from-kanban-board.md).

## Email allowlist validation

>[!NOTE]
>
>Available only in `the new Adobe Workfront experience`.

If you use the email allowlist, new and updated user email addresses are now validated against the allowlist. When you add a new user or edit an existing user and enter an email domain not on the allowlist, a message notifies you that the user will not receive email messages. You can still save the user profile, but you should add the domain to the allowlist so that the user will receive emails.

For more information, see [Edit a user's profile](../../../administration-and-setup/add-users/create-and-manage-users/edit-a-users-profile.md).

## Blueprints beta now available in Preview

>[!NOTE]
>
>This functionality will not be generally available on the Production environment until the 21.3 release, later this year. Available only in `the new Adobe Workfront experience`.

Blueprints provides basic building blocks to help you create a work management system that grows with you. System administrators can browse the blueprints catalog and install ready-to-use project templates.

For more information, see [Blueprints](../../../administration-and-setup/blueprints/blueprints.md).
