---
title: 20.4 release activity:&nbsp;Week of September 21, 2020
description: 20.4 release activity:&nbsp;Week of September 21, 2020
draft: Probably
---
# 20.4 release activity:&nbsp;Week of September 21, 2020

This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 20.4 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available with the 20.4 release, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## New for administrators: Associate portfolios, programs, and companies with groups

When Workfront administrators create or edit a portfolio, program, or company, they can assign it to a group. With groups assigned to these objects, it’s easy to identify your group’s responsibilities for them.

For example, you can list all of your organization’s portfolios in a report and look at the Group column to see which ones your group is working on.

For more information, see the section “About associating a group with an object” in the article [Groups overview](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/groups-overview/groups.md).

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/461460332?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/461460332/1b2d6b6d40)

## New icon for switching between hours and percentage values, or allocated and remaining time in the Workload Balancer

We have added a new setting that allows you to switch between allocated Hours and Percentages as you view the Workload Balancer. With this new icon, we have also eliminated the User Workload section in the Settings panel. The Workload Balancer shows allocated time by default, and we have moved the Remaining hours setting to the new Percentage or Hours icon.

This improvement eliminates clicks and makes navigating the Workload Balancer easier and more efficient.

For information about managing settings for the Workload Balancer, see [Navigate the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/navigate-the-workload-balancer.md).

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/461463204?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/461463204/4daec9d3dd)

## A new built-in filter for the Workload Balancer: Users on projects

To make your filtering experience in the Workload Balancer more efficient, we have added a new built-in filter in the Assigned Work area. You can now apply the Users on projects filter which displays users assigned to tasks and issues in the projects you specify.

For information about using filters in the Workload Balancer, see [Filter information in the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/filter-information-workload-balancer.md).

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/461465895?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/461465895/0e567c9080)

## New option to cancel your action when discarding a request draft

When discarding a saved draft, you can now click Cancel on the confirmation message that informs you that your draft will be deleted. This way, you don’t lose the draft in case you change your mind about discarding it.

This feature is available only in the new Workfront experience. For information, see [Create and Submit Workfront requests](https://one.workfront.com/s/document-item?bundleId=the-new-workfront-experience&topicId=Content%2FManage_work%2FRequests%2FCreate_Requests%2Fcreate-submit-requests.html).

<!--WRITER
<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/461469587?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>
-->

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/461469587/4c6a154ac4) 
