---
filename: 20.3-beta-4
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: 2020-3-release-activity
title: 20.3 release activity: Week of June 15, 2020
description: This page describes all enhancements made with the {Release Version] release to the Preview the week of [Release Date]. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment the week of May 11, 2020.
---

# 20.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of June 15, 2020

This page describes all enhancements made with the {Release Version] release to the Preview the week of [Release Date].

<!--
These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment the week of May 11, 2020.
-->

For a list of all changes available at this point in the {Release Version] release cycle, see [20.3 release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/20.3-release-activity/20.3-release-overview.md).

## New for administrators: Brand Workfront for specific groups, teams, job roles, and users

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience

Now you can use a Layout Template to change the logos in the top navigation area and on the Main Menu for specific groups, teams, job roles, and users who have their own branding.

For more information, see [Brand your Adobe Workfront instance](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/brand-workfront/brand-your-workfront-instance.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/430811222?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/430811222/0ba29e6266)

## New for administrators: Create up to 14 levels of subgroups

To make it easier to organize your Workfront groups to match your organization hierarchy, we’ve increased the levels of subgroups you can create within a group from 3 to 14.

For more information, see [Groups overview](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/groups-overview/groups.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/430810856?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/430810856/4c7589d1f7)

## New for administrators: Create Custom Form fields where users can format text

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature released to the Preview environment on June 18, 2020. It will be available in the Production environment on a future date yet to be determined.

In a Custom Form, you can now create fields that include text formatting buttons. When users type in these fields, they can highlight and organize their text using bold, italics, and underline. The high character limit of 15,000 allows for plenty of text and formatting.

For more information, see Create a Custom Form in the new Workfront experience.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/430167004?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/430167004/473e27bf55)

## Choose how long cards stay on the Kanban board

Now, you can choose how long Completed cards stay on the Kanban board.

Previously, cards dropped off the Kanban board after 14 days.

For more information, see [Configure Kanban](../../../agile/get-started-with-agile-in-workfront/configure-kanban.md).

## Agile boards load 50 work items at a time

To increase the speed and performance of the agile tools, up to 50 cards now load in various locations. If there are more than 50 work items on an agile board, a button appears at the bottom of the board or backlog, allowing you to load additional work items.

## Display Issues in the Assigned Work area of the Workload Balancer

To allow you to see a complete picture of all your people's workloads, we have introduced a setting that allows you to view issues in the Assigned Work area of the Workload Balancer.

For information about working in the Workload Balancer, see [Navigate the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/navigate-the-workload-balancer.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/430815976?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/430815976/8c304e9fe7)

## Updated look and feel of several global headers

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience

The global areas of Projects, Portfolios, Programs and Templates now have an updated header that makes better use of the space on the screen. This update provides more space for the information you work with that you need to focus on.

The Templates link from the Projects area has been removed. You can still access the Templates area from the Main Menu.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/430816911?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/430816911/6a80ede459)

## New Edit Project box

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature is available only in the new Adobe Workfront experience

As part of updating the look and feel of the new Workfront experience, we have redesigned the Edit project box. You can access the new Edit Project box from an individual project or when editing a single project from a list.

In addition to an updated look and feel, the following improvements are available in the Edit Project box:

* Customize your Layout Template once and reflect those customizations in both the Details page and the Edit Object box.
* Individual custom form names are now available on the left panel inside the Edit Project box and you can quickly access each form from there.
* Commenting functionality is removed from the edit project screen to eliminate redundancy with the Updates section.

<!--
For information about the new Edit Box box, see “New Edit Object box” (NEW ARTICLE, LINK LATER!!).
-->

For information about the new Edit Project box, see [Edit projects](../../../manage-work/projects/manage-projects/edit-projects.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/430814318?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/430814318/4b5e8e2bbf)

## Adjust allocations for non-working days in the Workload Balancer

You can adjust allocations for your resources for non-working days using the Workload Balancer.

For information about managing allocations in the Workload Balancer, see [Manage user allocations in the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/manage-user-allocations-workload-balancer.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/430817953?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/430817953/738e8b3539)

## Workload Balancer features previously communicated as releasing with the 20.2 release

* [Adjust daily and weekly allocation in the Workload Balancer](#adjust) 
* [Update Task Planned Hours in the Workload Balancer](#update) 
* [A more convenient way to update allocations in the Workload Balancer](#a)

### Adjust daily and weekly allocation in the Workload Balancer

To avoid the burnout of your resources, you can now adjust your users' daily and weekly allocation to work using the Workload Balancer.

Prior to this enhancement, this was only possible using the Resource Scheduling tools.

For information about managing allocations in the Workload Balancer, see [Manage user allocations in the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/manage-user-allocations-workload-balancer.md).

`Available in these environments:`

* Adobe Workfront Classic 
* The new Adobe Workfront experience

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/405985254?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/405985254/2012ee6036)

### Update Task Planned Hours in the Workload Balancer

>[!NOTE]
>
>This enhancement will be available in Production soon after the 2020.2 release.

A new option in the Resource Management area of the access level now allows users with this access to edit Planned Hours from the Workload Balancer. When you adjust allocations in the Workload Balancer, the total of daily allocations does not need to match the number of Planned Hours of the tasks. Once you save your allocations, the total of the allocation hours will become the Planned Hours of the task. This is only possible for tasks that have a Simple Duration Type.

For information about managing allocations in the Workload Balancer, see [Manage user allocations in the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/manage-user-allocations-workload-balancer.md).

For information about granting access to Resource Management, see [Grant access to Resource Management](../../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/grant-access-resource-management.md).

### A more convenient way to update allocations in the Workload Balancer

To make it more convenient to manage a user's allocations to a work item in the Workload Balancer, you can now double-click the work item. You can also still use the existing Edit allocations menu option. In addition, you are no longer required to enable displaying allocations to be able to update them.

For information about managing allocations in the Workload Balancer, see [Manage user allocations in the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/manage-user-allocations-workload-balancer.md).
