---
filename: 2019.3-release-activity-overview
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: 2019-3-release-activity
---



# 2019.3 release activity overview {#release-activity-overview}

This page provides information about the functionality included in the 2019.3 release. The functionality on this page was made available in the Production environment the week of August 19, 2019. For specific dates and times explaining when the release was made available, see the [Workfront Trust Site](https://trust.workfront.com/). 


`<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly">  To download this page in PDF&nbsp;format, go  <a href="https://documentation.my.workfront.com/library/a/1c7547fc-9d72-400e-84ed-3382bca498f4" target="_blank">here</a>.</MadCap:conditionalText>` 


To view a list of enhancements released after the 2019.3 release, see [Product releases](_product-releases.md).


## Enhancements for all users {#enhancements-for-all-users}

The 2019.3 release contains the following enhancements:


### Project enhancements {#project-enhancements}




*  [The Open filter now shows more results in a list of Issues](2019.3-project-enhancements.md#changes) 


  When you apply the Open filter to a list of issues, the list includes issues that are in a Closed - Pending Approval status or are associated with a resolving object.






*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.3-project-enhancements.md#new" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New experience when inline editing information in lists</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  When you inline edit information in the new lists, the rows that have been edited will be dimmed, but the information will remain visible.

*  [Edit Gantt without Enabling a Special Editing Mode](2019.3-project-enhancements.md#edit) 


  You can now edit the task list Gantt chart when the Autosave is enabled or not.

*  [Updated Lists for Project, Task, and Issues Hours Tabs](2019.3-project-enhancements.md#updated2) 


  The improved list views are now available in the Hours tabs for Projects, Tasks, and Issues.





### Resource Planning enhancements {#resource-planning-enhancements}




*  [Build a report for Budgeted Hours](2019.3 Resource Planning enhancements.md#build) 


  You can now build a report to view Budgeted Hours outside the Resource Planner.






*  [New settings to hide the Actual Hours column in the Resource Planner](2019.3 Resource Planning enhancements.md#new2) 


  You can now display or hide the Actual Hours column when viewing information by user in the Resource Planner.

*  [Resource Pools are persistent in the Resource Budgeting area of the Business Case](2019.3 Resource Planning enhancements.md#resource) 


  Now, when you are budgeting your resources in the Resource Budgeting area of the Business Case, the Resource Pools that you have already saved on the project are persistent when you navigate away from the page and come back.

*  [Financial data access to Cost Rates impacts information in the Resource Planner that displays by cost](2019.3 Resource Planning enhancements.md#financia) 


  Workfront administrators can now determine which users have access to view or edit cost information for roles, users, or projects in the Resource Planner.





### Integration and mobile enhancements {#integration-and-mobile-enhancements}




*  [Support of shared items in the MS OneDrive integration](2019.3-integration-mobile-enhancements.md#support) 


  Now you can link your shared OneDrive files and folders to Workfront objects.

*  [Domain specification required for all Workfront logins](2019.3-integration-mobile-enhancements.md#domain) 


  All Workfront logins now require the user to specify the domain if the domain is not already specified in the Workfront URL. Requiring this information makes your Workfront instance more secure.

*  Workfront mobile app available for Blackberry Marketplace `(Coming in a future release)`


  The Workfront mobile app is coming in a future release to the Blackberry Dynamics for Blackberry Marketplace.

*  [Convert tasks and issues to projects using the mobile app on iOS](2019.3-integration-mobile-enhancements.md#convert) 


  You can now convert individual tasks and issues to projects in the Workfront mobile app.

*  [Log in to the mobile app with fingerprint or face ID](2019.3-integration-mobile-enhancements.md#log) 


  Depending on your device, you can choose to log in to the Workfront mobile app using fingerprint or face ID technology.

*  [New setting to automatically log users out on mobile](2019.3-integration-mobile-enhancements.md#new2) 


  In order to make the Workfront mobile app more secure for you and your company, users will be logged out automatically after 8 minutes of inactivity.

*  [Filter by Dead Projects in the Mobile app](2019.3-integration-mobile-enhancements.md#filter) [Filter by Dead Projects in the Mobile app](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Integration-and-mobile-enhancements-1150184880) 


  We've added Dead Projects as a filter option on the Projects tab in the Mobile app.

*  [Delete objects using the Mobile app on iOS](2019.3-integration-mobile-enhancements.md#delete) 


  You can now delete objects like tasks, issues, and timesheets in the Mobile app. You must have the correct permissions on the object to delete it.

*  [Reset your password using the Mobile app](2019.3-integration-mobile-enhancements.md#reset) `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.PrintOnly"> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  You can use the Workfront Mobile app to reset your password if you've forgotten it.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.3-integration-mobile-enhancements.md#new" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New look and feel for Mobile</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  We've added several new look and feel improvements to enhance your experience in the Workfront Mobile app.





### Home enhancements {#home-enhancements}




*  [Updates to the look and feel in Home](2019.3-home-enhancements.md#new3) 




### Enhancements releasing prior to the general 2019.3 release {#enhancements-releasing-prior-to-the-general-release}

This section describes changes made during the 2019.3 release time frame that will release to the Production environment prior to the general 2019.3 release.



*  [Change the display type of a field in a custom form](2019.3-project-enhancements.md#change) 


  Now you can change the display type of a field in a custom form.


  For example, if you have created a Checkboxes field, you can change it to a Dropdown field or a Radio Buttons field. These three field display types are interchangeable.

*  [Create time off calendars and reports](2019.3-project-enhancements.md#create) 


  You can now see user’s time off for better planning and execution. You can also add new time off reports and calendars to your dashboards for a real-time view of user availability.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> &nbsp;</MadCap:conditionalText>` [`<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.PrintOnly"> Updated API&nbsp;Endpoint for Time Off (/reservedtime)</MadCap:conditionalText>`](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Enhancements-Releasing-Prior-to-the-General-2019-3-Release-1824277975) 


  With the updated API endpoint for Time Off (/reservedtime), you can enter time off into Workfront as individual reservedtime objects, multiple objects in a single post, or edit existing objects.






*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.3-project-enhancements.md#new3" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Consider or ignore user time off in task dates</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  You can now decide whether to allow the time off schedule of the Primary Assignee of a task to adjust the planned dates.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.3-project-enhancements.md#custom" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Custom Conditions</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` [`<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.PrintOnly"> Conditions</MadCap:conditionalText>`](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/2019-3-Project-enhancements-1332102832) 


  Now you can customize the Conditions you use for projects, tasks, and issues and better meet the needs of your organization.






*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.3-project-enhancements.md#new2" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New email notification for Teams</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  There is a new email event notification for teams. Team members receive an email notification when a project with tasks assigned to their team becomes active. This setting is turned off by default.






*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.3-project-enhancements.md#document" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Document Updates Now Appear on the Associated Object and Project</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  Now, when you comment on a document, your update appears on the Updates tab both for the document and for the object where the document is attached.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.3-project-enhancements.md#visibili" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Visibility into the Time-off Schedule of a User When Assigning Them to Tasks and Issues</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  When you assign a user to a task or an issue, you can now see an in-line warning if the user selected has time off scheduled any time between the planned dates of the task or issue.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.3-project-enhancements.md#add" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Add Fields That Represent Objects in Custom Forms</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  We have created a new field type in the custom form builder called Typeahead. This field allows you to add fields that represent objects to your custom forms.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.3-integration-mobile-enhancements.md#mobile" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Mobile App Requires Domain When Logging In</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  As a security improvement, the Workfront Mobile App now requires you to provide your domain if you do not log in with Single Sign-On credentials.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.3-project-enhancements.md#new4" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New Request “Subject” Field Has Been Renamed to “Name”</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` `Removed from release` 




### Functionality being removed {#functionality-being-removed}




*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.3-project-enhancements.md#removing" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Removing the Issues tab from the Kanban board</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  We are removing the Issues tab from the Kanban board, but you can still access the Issues subtab from the Backlog on the Kanban board.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.3-project-enhancements.md#removing2" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Removing the Documents and Issues tabs from the iteration details page</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  We are removing the Documents and Issues tabs from the Agile iteration details page.





## Workfront Maintenance Updates {#workfront-maintenance-updates}

For information about the maintenance updates made during the 2019.3 release, see .


## Announcements {#announcements}




* [The new Workfront experience beta now available in Preview](#the) 
* [Workfront Library now available](#workfron2) 
* [API Version 3 no longer supported](#api) 
* [TLS 1.0 and 1.1 support Is ending](#tls) 
* [Flash application removal](#flash) 
* [Various Single Sign-On options to be removed](#various) 
* [Q3 Product Roadmap Webinar](#q3) 





### The new Workfront experience beta now available in Preview {#the-new-workfront-experience-beta-now-available-in-preview}

The new Workfront experience provides a fresh, modern design in addition to new functionality.


### *`Workfront Library`* now available {#workfront-library-now-available}

*`Workfront Library`* is an enterprise digital content hub you can use to manage the full lifecycle of your organization's digital assets.


To see what's new in *`Workfront Library`*, see`<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly">  <a href="_workfront-library-release-activity.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Workfront Library release activity</a></MadCap:conditionalText>`.


### API Version 3 no longer supported {#api-version-no-longer-supported}

Support for API version 3 ended in November 2018. For more information about the support schedule for versions of the Workfront API, see [API versioning and support schedule](api-version-support-schedule.md).


### TLS 1.0 and 1.1 support Is ending {#tls-and-support-is-ending}

In order to provide optimal security, Workfront is requiring that all integrations and web traffic using TLS 1.1 or earlier be upgraded to use TLS 1.2. In the Preview environment, TLS&nbsp;1.0 is already disabled.


For more information, see `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="tls-1-disabled.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">TLS 1.2 to be required in Adobe Workfront</a></MadCap:conditionalText>`.


### Flash application removal {#flash-application-removal}

All functionality that relies on Flash technology has been removed from Workfront since the 2018.3 release and replaced with a new solution.


For detailed information about the legacy Flash tools and their replacements, see [Replacement of Flash-based tools in Adobe Workfront](replace-flash-tools.md).


### Various Single Sign-On options to be removed {#various-single-sign-on-options-to-be-removed}

The following Single Sign-On (SSO) options are now supported only in a limited capacity; they will be removed from the product in the second half of 2019:



*  LDAP 


  For more information about using LDAP with Workfront, see [Configure Adobe Workfront with LDAP](configure-workfront-ldap.md).

*  Active Directory 


  For more information about using Active Directory with Workfront, see [Configure Adobe Workfront with Active Directory](configure-workfront-ad.md).

*  SAML 1.1 


  For more information about using SAML 1.1 with Workfront, see [Configure Adobe Workfront with SAML 1.1](configure-workfront-saml-1.1.md).



Following is the removal timeline for these SSO options:



*  Limited support: August 2018 - January 2019 


  Major issues submitted during this time will be fixed; low severity issues will not be addressed.

*  Deprecation: January 2019 - November 2019 (with the 2019.4 release) 


  Not supported.

* No longer available in Workfront: August 2019




### Q3 Product Roadmap Webinar {#q-product-roadmap-webinar}

Learn more about what’s to come during the [Q3 Roadmap webinar](https://event.on24.com/eventRegistration/EventLobbyServlet?target=reg20.jsp&partnerref=Product&eventid=2040896&sessionid=1&key=EFBB434E2FDF446E010DA62D1C27E9E5&regTag=&sourcepage=register) on August 1st at 9:00 am. MST.
