---
filename: 2019.4-resource-management-enhancements
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: 2019-4-release-activity
---



# 2019.4 Resource Management enhancements {#resource-management-enhancements}

This page describes all Resource Management enhancements made with the 2019.4 release. It will be made available in the Production environment the week of November 11, 2019.


For a list of all changes made in 2019.4, see [2019.4 release overview](2019.4-release-activity-overview.md).

<table style="width: 100%;"> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <h3><a name="The"></a>The Workload Balancer beta</h3> <p>The Workload Balancer provides a new interface for managing the workload of your resources. This is intended to replace the Resource Scheduler sometime in the future.</p> <p>In addition to benefiting from an improved design, you can now clearly view a person's availability and easily manage work assignments for the people in your teams. You can also update a task from the Workload Balancer using the Summary in the new Workfront experience.</p> <p>For information about the Workload Balancer, see the article Overview of the Workload Balancer.</p> <p><iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/365623344?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe> </p> <p><a href="https://vimeo.com/365623344/da11a6ad27" target="_blank">View in full-screen mode.</a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <h3><a name="Resource"></a>Resource Planner custom columns</h3> <p>Now, you can customize the columns that you display in the Resource Planner to include just the information that most interests you. This functionality is available for all views of the Resource Planner: Project, Role, and User views.</p> <p>For information about customizing your columns in the Resource Planner, see <a href="resource-availability-allocation-resource-planner.md" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Review resource availability and allocation using the Resource Planner</a>.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

