---
filename: delete-timesheets
product-area: timesheets
navigation-topic: create-and-manage-timesheets
title: Delete generated timesheets
description: The changes you make to a timesheet profile are not effective right away for the currently existing timesheets, as explained in Create, edit, and assign timesheet profiles. To make the changes visible on existing timesheets, you must delete the timesheets that have been generated and generate new ones. This applies only to timesheets that have been generated by associating timesheet profiles with users.
---

# Delete generated timesheets

The changes you make to a timesheet profile are not effective right away for the currently existing timesheets, as explained in [Create, edit, and assign timesheet profiles](../../timesheets/create-and-manage-timesheets/create-timesheet-profiles.md). To make the changes visible on existing timesheets, you must&nbsp;delete the timesheets that have been generated and generate new ones. This applies only to timesheets that have been generated by associating timesheet profiles with users.

For more information about manually generating timesheets, see [Manually generate timesheets](../../timesheets/create-and-manage-timesheets/manually-generate-timesheets.md).

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>* You cannot recover a deleted timesheet.
>* We recommend that you do not delete past timesheets because they are not generated automatically based on timesheet profiles. You can delete the current and future timesheets and generate them manually if you want the changes to your timesheet profiles to be immediately visible in the new timesheets.
>* When you delete timesheets, the hours logged against tasks, issues, and projects are not deleted. Only the General Hours are deleted with the timesheet. In a separate text editor, write down&nbsp;what General Hours are associated with the timesheet. After the timesheet is deleted, you can then log them in the new timesheet.
>

## Access requirements

You must have the following to perform the steps in this article:

<table cellspacing="0"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td role="rowheader"><span>Adobe Workfront</span> plan</td> 
   <td> <p>Any</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td role="rowheader"><span>Adobe Workfront</span> license</td> 
   <td> <p><span>Plan</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td role="rowheader">Access level configurations*</td> 
   <td> <p>You must have administrative access to timesheets. For more information, see <a href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/grant-users-admin-access-certain-areas.md" class="MCXref xref">Grant users administrative access to certain areas</a>.</p> <p>Note: If you still don't have access, ask your <span>Workfront administrator</span> if they set additional restrictions in your access level. For information on how a <span>Workfront administrator</span> can modify your access level, see <a href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/create-modify-access-levels.md" class="MCXref xref">Create or modify custom access levels</a>.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

&#42;To find out what plan, license type, or access you have, contact your `Workfront administrator`.

## Delete timesheets

1. Using the filters on the left side, filter for the timesheets you want to delete.

   You can filter timesheets by the following criteria:

  * User name, their team or job role
  * Approver name
  * Timesheet Status
  * Time Period of the timesheet

1. Select all timesheets that you want to delete and click `Delete`.
1. Click `Yes, Delete it`.

