

# The new `Adobe Workfront` experience: Beta release activity

The new `Adobe Workfront` experience provides a fresh, modern design in addition to new functionality.

<!--
It was initially made available in the Preview environment on July 18, 2019.
-->

It was made available as a beta in the Production environment on September 12, 2019.

This page provides a running list of functionality that was made available during `the new Adobe Workfront experience` beta release cycle from September 12, 2019 to April 6, 2020. Updates to `the new Adobe Workfront experience` after the general availability release are communicated with the quarterly release (see [2020.2 release overview](../../product-announcements/product-releases/2020.2.-release-activity/2020.2-release-overview.md)).

For a high-level overview of `the new Adobe Workfront experience` release functionality at the time it was made generally available, see [Discover the features available only with the new Adobe Workfront experience](../../administration-and-setup/the-new-workfront-experience/feature-list-and-release-timing-for-the-new-workfront-experience.md).

>[!NOTE]
>
>All functionality described on this page is available when enrolled in `the new Adobe Workfront experience` in your Production environment. You can enroll users into the new Workfront experience in your Production environment. For more information, see [Enroll users in the new Adobe Workfront experience](../../administration-and-setup/add-users/create-and-manage-users/enroll-users-new-workfront-experience.md).

For a list of new features that were made available in Workfront Classic, see [Workfront releases](https://experience.workfront.com/s/article/Workfront-releases-212309096).

* [Features recently added to the new Workfront experience](#list) 
* [Features added to the new Adobe Workfront experience in Beta Preview or in Beta Production in 2019](#features) 
* [Still in development in the new Adobe Workfront experience](#function2) 
* [Functionality removed from the new Adobe Workfront experience](#function) 
* [Webinars for the new Workfront experience](#webinar) 
* [Announcements](#announce)

## Features recently added to the new Workfront experience

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Newer Layout Templates created in Workfront Classic now available in the new Workfront experience Layout Templates created in Workfront Classic after Fall 2019 are now available in the new Workfront experience. It’s a good idea to update these Layout Templates in the new Workfront experience to take advantage of new functionality and make them as useful as possible to users in that environment. Beta Preview release: N/A Beta Production release: April 6, 2020 Updates to Event Subscriptions To better enable users to triage, troubleshoot, and resolve issues, we’ve modified behavior and added more data to the Event Subscriptions API. Beta Preview release: April 1, 2020 Beta Production release: April 17, 2020 Seamless experience between the mobile app and web To make your experience more consistent when using Workfront on both the mobile app and the web, any customization of the left panel secondary navigation in the new or existing layout templates is automatically reflected in the mobile app. Beta Preview release: N/A Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Like updates on the mobile app Use the new Like button on the Updates tab to like a update. Beta Preview release: N/A Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Customized selection of time in the Workload Balancer To further help you customize the timeline duration for the Workload Balancer to match your needs, you can now select a custom period of 2, 4, or 6 weeks to display at one time. Beta Preview release: March 26, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production New Settings box in the Workload Balancer To give you more options to customize your view when working in the Workload Balancer, a new Settings box is now available. The Group by Project setting has moved to this area. Additional options to customize the information you see in the Workload Balancer are coming soon. Beta Preview release: March 26, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Updated look for headers in the Reports area To better match the look of the new Workfront experience, the headers in the Reports and Dashboards areas now have a new font style and smaller size. Beta Preview release: March 20, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Preventing data loss when making updates in the Details page To ensure your information is saved when working in the Details page for all objects, we have improved the way navigating away from the Details page works. Now when exiting the edit mode by clicking the Edit icon or navigating away from the page you see a warning message if you have unsaved changes. Beta Preview release: March 19, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production New saving mode when making changes in a task list: the Timeline Planning mode Depending on the size and complexity of your project, updating the task list, especially dates and durations, can take longer than desired. To make edits much faster, we have introduced a new saving option when editing tasks in a list called Timeline Planning mode. Prior to this mode, you could save the changes you made to your task lists either automatically with Autosave, or manually, when disabling the Autosave move. Beta Preview release: March 16, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production New headers in Home To provide a more consistent experience, the headers in Home now match those on projects, tasks, and issues. These headers bring new options, replace existing ones, and remove others. Beta Preview release: March 16, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Show daily Planned Hours for tasks in the Unassigned Work area of the Workload Balancer To help you understand how individual tasks affect the workload of your users, the "Show allocations" setting is now managing what information displays in the Unassigned Work area of the Workload Balancer. Beta Preview release: March 16, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Updated header and Details page for Billing Records As part of the effort to unify the experience with all objects, the Details page and the headers of Billing Records are now updated. The experience of updating the status of a Billing Record is also improved. Beta Preview release: March 16, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Updated Filter, View, and Grouping information in the toolbar We have listened to your input about the new toolbar and we are re-introducing the names of the Filters, Views, and Groupings in addition to the new icons. Beta Preview release: March 16, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production New look and feel for charts in reports and dashboards To better match the design of the new Workfront experience, charts in reports and dashboards now have a fresh, new color palette. One major change with these new color themes is that single-dimension charts--or charts that have a single grouping representing 1 metric--now display only 1 color. Beta Preview release: March 16, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release Change required for adding proofs to your allowlist The proofing domain is changing from proofhq.com to workfront.com. If your firewall or mail server is configured to allow access only to specific vendors, you must add the following additional URL to your allowlist to ensure that users in your organization can view proofs within Workfront in both the browser proofing viewer and the desktop proofing viewer: *.workfront.com Beta Preview release: March 16, 2020 Beta Production release: TBD The new Workfront experience is available in Custom Refresh Sandboxes Custom Refresh Sandboxes are updated with the new Adobe Workfront experience. Beta Preview release: March 11, 2020 Beta Production release: N/A More easily see who is tagged in an update It's now easier to see which users are tagged in an update. Tagged users are now listed under the comment box. Tagged users are also listed under the comment box. Before this enhancement, the users previously tagged didn’t show up in the Notify box. Beta Preview release: March 9, 2020 Beta Production release: March 12, 2020 Quote a previous comment in an update comment or reply When you comment in an update thread, you can quickly include text from a previous comment in the thread. Look for the Quote Reply option in the More menu next to the comment you want to quote. Beta Preview release: March 9, 2020 Beta Production release: March 12, 2020 Include and identify quoted text in an update comment or reply As you type a comment, you can call mark part of your comment as quoted text in order to distinguish it from your own comment. Use the Block Quote button in the HTML editor. Beta Preview release: February 28, 2020 Beta Production release: March 12, 2020 Updates to the measurement tool in the proofing viewer To help meet the needs of users in compliance and regulated industries where strict guidelines apply, various improvements are now available in the proofing viewer related to the measurement tool. Beta Preview release: March 6, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Linking external documents: new look and feel The user interface for linking documents from cloud apps is now enhanced by the modern look and feel of the new Workfront experience. The functionality has not changed from what you are used to in Workfront Classic. Beta Preview release: February 28, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production (Removed from release) Change teams and update team names from the team header To browse for another team, you can now click on the switch team icon. Previously, you clicked on the team name to open a drop-down menu. It's also now easier to edit the team name. Users with permission can edit the team name in the header. Previously, you could update the team name in the Team Settings only. Beta Preview release: February 28, 2020 Beta Production release: February 28, 2020 Highlight matching items in lists when using the quick filters Finding items in lists is now faster: when you search for an item using quick filters the matching fields are highlighted in yellow in the results so you can clearly see what field value matches your keyword. The fields are highlighted in yellow in standalone fields, as well as shared columns and complex fields. Some examples of complex fields are Assignments, Assignments and Status, Percent Complete, Predecessors, Approvers and Status, Resource Managers, Categories, Condition, Condition Update, and so forth. Beta Preview release: February 28, 2020 Beta Production release: February 28, 2020 Show daily Planned Hours for projects, tasks, and inaccessible items in the Workload Balancer To help you understand how individual projects, tasks, or inaccessible items contribute to the workload of your users and to be able to make correct reassignment decisions in the Workload Balancer, we have introduced a setting that allows you to view the hourly distribution for individual projects, tasks and inaccessible items. Beta Preview release: February 28, 2020 Beta Production release: TBD Adjust timeline duration in the Workload Balancer You now have the flexibility to select how many weeks you display in the Workload Balancer: you can select from 2, 4, or 6 weeks. Previously, the number of weeks was set to 4 by default. Beta Preview release: February 28, 2020 Beta Production release: February 28, 2020 Improved navigation of all new lists with clear grouping differentiation You can now see more clearly the differentiation between several layers of groupings. The grouping levels are now outlined with various shades of gray . The grouping results are also outlined more clearly in a separate frame. Previously, each grouping level was the same shade of gray and could be hard to differentiate between one grouping level and another. This change is applied to all the new lists. Beta Preview release: February 28, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Changes to Search functionality To improve the search experience for users, we've removed the Search page that used to display when you clicked the Search icon. Now, you stay on the same page when you click the Search icon and a menu opens. The menu can also be opened by typing ALT + / or Option + / on a keyboard. Beta Preview release: February 28, 2020 Beta Production release: March 5, 2020 Updated experience when using Advanced Assignments To give you more control and better visibility over the allocation of each user when you assign tasks and issues, we have improved the experience when using Advanced Assignments to assign tasks and issues. You can now see how changes to the Duration, Planned Hours, or the Duration Type affect user allocation inside the Advanced Assignments box. This experience has been improved when you use Advanced Assignments at the task or issue level and when you do so in a list. Beta Preview release: February 28, 2020 Beta Production release: March 6, 2020 Improved toolbars for the new lists As part of updating the look and feel of the new Workfront experience, we have redesigned the top toolbars in the following lists: projects, tasks, issues, portfolios, and programs. Beta Preview release: February 28, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production New navigation for the Summary panel in task and issue lists To give you more control over opening and closing the Summary panel, we have added the Open Summary icon in the toolbar of a list of tasks or issues. Prior to this enhancement, the Open Summary link was located under the More menu to the right of the task or issue name. Beta Preview release: February 28, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production More control over the left navigation panel To improve your experience navigating the platform, the left panel navigation can be manually collapsed to show only the icons, giving you more room on your screen to work. When the left navigation panel is collapsed, it will remain collapsed throughout Workfront until you choose to expand it again. Beta Preview release: February 28, 2020 Beta Production release: February 28, 2020 Customize Details view for programs and portfolios using a Layout Template Now you can use a Layout Template to customize and reorder the information that appears in the Details view for a program and for a portfolio. Beta Preview release: February 19, 2020 Beta Production release: February 19, 2020 Additional risks information To help you better understand the risks of your projects, you can now see who and when a risk was entered and when it was updated on a project. You can access this information in a risk view and through the public Workfront API. These fields will be available with API version 11, which releases with the 2020.1 Production. Beta Preview release: February 14, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Updated Template and Template Task headers in the new Workfront experience To make your experience more cohesive, we have updated the headers for templates and template tasks. They now match those of projects, tasks, issues, portfolios, and programs. Beta Preview release: February 19, 2020 Beta Production release: February 19, 2020 Combined Details pages for Templates and Template Tasks It's now easier to view and update the details of Templates and Template Tasks because the information is combined into a single page and the secondary left navigation has been removed. Any custom forms associated with the template or the template task are also available on this single page. The experience is now similar to the one in the Project Details area. Beta Preview release: February 19, 2020 Beta Production release: February 19, 2020 <!--
   Review this - Courtney Open the proofing viewer in a separate browser tab To make it easier to review a proof and continue working, you can now open the proof in a separate browser tab in the Documents area. Beta Preview release: TBD Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production
  --> External proof links open the proof inside of Workfront To help you gain context relating to a proof you’ve been invited to review by email or URL, the proof opens directly in Workfront. This change does not apply to guest users. Beta Preview release: N/A This feature will not be made available in the Preview environment Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Left panel navigation available in Dashboards area There is now left panel navigation in the Dashboards area, similar to the left panel navigation for other objects. In the left panel, you can select to view all available dashboards, only dashboards that have been shared with you, or only dashboards that you have created. You can also create custom sections to add to this panel and rearrange the order of all options in the panel. Beta Preview release: February 19, 2020 Beta Production release: February 19, 2020 Updated look and feel to document approval buttons To help you easily identify the document decision buttons on the Document Details page, they now display in color rather than a gray outline. Beta Preview release: February 19, 2020 Beta Production release: February 19, 2020 Increased visibility for approvals in the object headers To give you more visibility into some of the key information related to your work, Approval icons in the headers of projects, tasks, and issues are now color coded. Beta Preview release: February 13, 2020 Beta Production release: February 13, 2020 Upload a new version in the proofing viewer Upload a new version of a proof directly inside of the Proofing viewer in Workfront Beta Preview release: February 13, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Close the proofing viewer To help you navigate out of the proofing viewer and return to your work faster, we’ve added an X icon in the upper-right corner to close the proofing viewer. Beta Preview release: February 13, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Combined Details pages for Portfolios and Programs It's now easier to view and update the Program and Portfolio Details because the information is combined into a single page and the secondary left navigation was removed. Any custom forms associated with the Program or Portfolio are also available on this single page. The experience is now similar to the one in the Project Details area. Beta Preview release: February 7, 2020 Beta Production release: February 7, 2020 Add "Queue Setup" items to your users' left panel using a Layout Template Now, in a Layout Template, you can add the items to the left panel for project and template objects, including Queue Details, Routing Rules, and more. Beta Preview release: February 5, 2020 Beta Production release: February 6, 2020 Recents tab added to the Favorites area To better align with user expectations, you can now see recently viewed items in the Favorites area, similar to the experience in Workfront Classic. To access the Recents menu, click the Favorites icon in the Global Navigation Bar and click the Recents tab. Beta Preview release: February 5, 2020 Beta Production release: February 6, 2020 Use breadcrumbs to return to your work from the proofing viewer To help you navigate to the parent object of a proof, we’ve added breadcrumbs to the upper-left corner. Click a breadcrumb to return to any of the parent objects in Workfront. Beta Preview release: January 29, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Improved navigation in the Workload Balancer Now, you can navigate back and forth in the Workload Balancer one time period at a time. Prior to this enhancement when you clicked the back and forward icons, the timeframe shifted by four time periods at a time. Beta Preview release: Expected February 5, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Additional fields added to Baselines and Baseline Tasks To help you better understand the financial progress of your projects, you can now include additional cost and revenue information in a Baseline or a Baseline Task report. The additional financial information is not added to the baselines that you have currently saved, but it is added for new baselines. Beta Preview release: January 29, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Improved navigation when working with template tasks To make navigation back to the template easier when working on a template task, the breadcrumb to the template is now available in the template task header. Beta Preview release: January 29, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production New "Beta" icon A "Beta" icon was added in the upper-left corner of the Workfront interface to indicate that the new Workfront experience is currently in beta. This icon will be removed after the new Workfront experience becomes generally available. Beta Preview release: January 17, 2020 Beta Production release: January 23, 2020 Customize the landing page and pinned pages for your users in a Layout Template In a Layout Template, you can customize Workfront for your users by configuring their landing page and which pages are always pinned at the top of the Workfront screen. Beta Preview release: January 10, 2020 Beta Production release: January 24, 2020 Updates on the Details page of all objects We are continuing to improve the design of the new combined Details pages of all objects in the new Workfront experience. Beta Preview release: January 23, 2020 Beta Production release: January 23, 2020 Redesigned predecessor details when viewing them in the task header To improve your experience when working with tasks, we have redesigned the predecessor details box when accessing it from the task header. The information is organized in a more streamlined fashion and there is a clear indication when you don’t have access to a project whose tasks are predecessors to your tasks. Beta Preview release: January 23, 2020 Beta Production release: January 23, 2020 The Display Actual Hours setting removed from the Resource Planner To make displaying Actual Hours in the Resource Planner easier, we have removed the Display Actual Hours setting from the Resource Planner. You can still display Actual Hours when viewing the Resource Planner in the User View by using the Customize view feature. Beta Preview release: January 17, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Updated look and feel when indicating project, portfolio, and program owners in the object headers To accurately describe the action of indicating an owner or a manager to a project, portfolio, or program, we have changed the prompt in the header from “Assign this to” to “Set Owner.” Beta Preview release: January 17, 2020 Beta Production release: January 23, 2020 New option for indicating how to display grouping results in lists To give you more control over how you display your list results, you can now indicate whether you want the results in the grouping to be expanded or collapsed by default when displaying the list or report. This option is available within the grouping builder in a list or report. Beta Preview release: January 17, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Limit users' ability to edit Filter, View, and Grouping controls on lists and reports Now you can use an access level to limit the ability that users have to edit the Filter, View, and Grouping controls on lists. This is useful if you have custom fields that you want visible only to users at a certain access level. Beta Preview release: January 17, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Manage a proofing workflow directly from the proofing viewer Now, when you are reviewing a proof that has an Automated Workflow, you can manage the workflow from the proofing viewer. Previously, you had to leave the proofing viewer and find the proof in the documents list in order to manage the Automated Workflow. Beta Preview release: January 17, 2020 Beta Production release: January 23, 2020 Improved setting labels in Automated Workflow areas Now, when you are setting stage deadline and activation settings for an Automated Workflow, the labels in the user interface are easier to understand. Also, names for the stage settings are now consistent from one Automated Workflow activity to another. Previously, some Automated Workflow stage settings for configuring a new proof were different from the corresponding settings for an existing proof. Beta Preview release: January 17, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Warning message appears when you are about to override an existing Layout Template assignment Now, when you are assigning a Layout Template, a warning message appears if you select any user, job role, team, or group that already has a Layout Template assignment. You can click the Info button next to the name to see which Layout Template is already assigned to it. This is helpful if you need to decide whether to override the existing assignment. Beta Preview release: January 17, 2020 Beta Production release: January 23, 2020 Displaying column headers of lists and reports in sentence case In a previous release, we made a change that displayed all column headers in all capital letters when viewing a list or report. Based on the feedback we have received, we are now reverting this change. With this change, all column headers now display in sentence case. Beta Preview release: January 17, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production Help area is in a new location in the interface The Help area moved from the lower-right portion of the screen to the upper-right portion of the screen. It also changed from a question mark icon to the word "Help." Beta Preview release: January 17, 2020 Beta Production release: January 23, 2020 New More menu in the Updates area Use the More menu on an update to copy the body text of an update, copy the direct link to an update, or delete the update. Beta Preview release: January 8, 2020 Beta Production release: January 9, 2020 New progress bar in the Updates area The percent complete progress bar in the updates area has a new look. Click and drag to update the percent, or double-click to manually input the number. Beta Preview release: January 8, 2020 Beta Production release: January 9, 2020 New drop-down menu for searching object types When searching for a specific object type in Workfront, you can now use a drop-down menu to select the object type you want to search. Beta Preview release: January 8, 2020 Beta Production release: January 9, 2020 New look and feel on the user details page The look and feel of the header on the user details page is now consistent with other areas of Workfront. We've also moved various options to the More menu. Beta Preview release: January 8, 2020 Beta Production release: January 9, 2020 Indicator appears when you are about to override an existing Layout Template assignment Now, when you are assigning a Layout Template, an Info icon displays next to the name of any user, job role, team, or group that already has a Layout Template assignment. This is helpful if you need to decide whether to override the existing assignment. Beta Preview release: January 8, 2020 Beta Production release: January 9, 2020 New look and feel for proofing Automated Workflows The page you use to configure and manage the workflow of an existing proof has a new look and feel consistent with the overall design of the new Workfront experience. The functionality is the same as what you are used to in Adobe Workfront Classic. Beta Preview release: January 8, 2020 Beta Production release: With the 2020.1 release to Production For information about changes that were made available in the Preview and Production environment from September 12, 2019 to December 31, 2019, see The new Adobe Workfront experience Beta release activity 2019. 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## Features added to `the new Adobe Workfront experience` in Beta Preview or in Beta Production in 2019

For information about changes that were made available to the new Workfront experience in the Preview environment from July 18, 2019 through September 12, 2019, see [The new Adobe Workfront experience Beta Preview](../../administration-and-setup/the-new-workfront-experience/nwe-beta-preview.md).

For information about changes that were made available in the Preview and Production environment from September 12, 2019 to December 31, 2019, see [The new Adobe Workfront experience Beta release activity 2019](../../administration-and-setup/the-new-workfront-experience/nwe-beta-release-activity-2019.md).

## Still in development in `the new Adobe Workfront experience`

<!--
For a list of functionality not yet available, but soon to be available in the new Workfront experience Beta Preview environment, see In development in the new Adobe Workfront experience.
-->

The details card for tasks and issues has been removed and the information that it contained has been moved to the object header instead.

## Functionality removed from `the new Adobe Workfront experience`

### My Work

My Work is replaced with Home. For more information, see [Understand the differences between My Work and Home](https://one.workfront.com/s/csh?context=1680&pubname=workfront-classic).

### Flash-based tools, such as the Resource Grid and Legacy Gantt

For more information, see [Replacement of Flash-based tools in Adobe Workfront](../../product-announcements/announcements/replace-flash-tools.md).

### The details card for tasks and issues has been removed

For more information about the new object headers in the new Workfront experience, see [New object headers](../../workfront-basics/the-new-workfront-experience/new-object-headers.md).

### The Commit Date does not display on the task and issues pages

The Commit Date has been removed from the task and issue pages and has been replaced with the Planned Completion Date.

For more information about the new object headers in the new Workfront experience, see [New object headers](../../workfront-basics/the-new-workfront-experience/new-object-headers.md).

<!--
Various tabs in the User view
-->

<!--
The Working On, Work Requests, Accomplishments, and Documents tabs are no longer included in the new Workfront experience.
-->

## Webinars for the new Workfront experience

### Q4 Product Roadmap Webinar

The [Q4 Roadmap webinar](https://webinars.on24.com/workfront/Q4roadmap?partnerref=announcementcenter) was presented on November 6 2019..

### The New Workfront Experience: Next Steps and Beyond

Join the Workfront product management team to learn more about the new Workfront experience. This webinar was presented on Tuesday, September 24, 2019.

[View the webinar recording here](https://event.on24.com/eventRegistration/EventLobbyServlet?target=reg20.jsp&partnerref=Community&eventid=2087270&sessionid=1&key=3E75F57F5333608C9F42D96D51BF53CB&regTag=&sourcepage=register).

### Webinar:&nbsp;The new Workfront experience

Join the Workfront product management team to get the latest about the new Workfront experience. This webinar was presented on Thursday, July 18, 2019.

View the webinar recording and the FAQ in the article, .

Workfront, inc.

## Announcements

* [Allowlist of additional domains required for accessing Workfront](#whitelis)

### Allowlist of additional domains required for accessing `Workfront`

If your organization uses a firewall, you must add the following additional domains to your allowlist in order to ensure uninterrupted access to Workfront:

* event.split.io
* sdk.split.io

For more information, see [Configure your firewall's allowlist](../../administration-and-setup/get-started-wf-administration/configure-your-firewall.md).
