---
filename: 21-1-dec-14
content-type: release-notes
keywords: notes,quarterly,update
navigation-topic: 2021-1-release-activity
title: 21.1 release activity: Week of December 14, 2020
description: This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 21.1 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.
---

# 21.1 release activity:&nbsp;Week of December 14, 2020

This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 21.1 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available with the 21.1 release, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## Replacing POP email option in Request Queues

We're replacing the POP email option for request queues with a new Adobe Workfront-managed system. You will still be able to submit requests via email, but you'll need to set up a new Workfront-managed email address in the Request Queue area instead.

These changes are available to test in Preview.

Email is automatically disabled in all Preview environments. To enable email for testing purposes, see [Enable delivery of emails from the Preview Sandbox environment](../../../workfront-basics/using-notifications/enable-delivery-emails-from-preview-sandbox-environment.md).

For more information, see [Enable users to email an issue into a Request Queue project](enable-email-issues-into-projects.md).

For more information about why we are making this change, see [New Adobe Workfront managed system to replace POP email for Request Queues with 21.1](../../../product-announcements/announcements/pop-removal-request-queue.md).

## Workload Balancer for Projects

The Workload Balancer is now available within a project. Now, you have an option to select between using the Workload Balancer or the Scheduling tool to manage your project resources.

For information about where the Workload Balancer can be located in Workfront, see [Locate the Workload Balancer](../../../resource-mgmt/workload-balancer/locate-workload-balancer.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/492158522?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/492158522/5deb0a3832)

## New Team fields available to the Daily Digest

We've added Team approval and assignments fields to the Action Needed Daily Digest email.

For more information, see [Notifications: Action needed](../../../workfront-basics/using-notifications/notifications-action-needed.md).

## Improved filters and views in the Timesheets area

We've added the following improvements when you add a Project, Task, or Issue to a Timesheet:

* Filters: We've added filters for Projects and Issues. Click More options to view these filters. Previously, only Tasks had filtering available.
* Views: We've added View and Grouping options to the Search page.

For more information, see [Log time](../../../timesheets/create-and-manage-timesheets/log-time.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/492165497?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/492165497/788e290e2f)

## New User Delegation report

Previously, information for task, issue, and project approval delegations could only be viewed by the delegate in their Home area. To allow other users to see this information, Plan users can now create the User Delegation report, which tells you:

* Who has delegated these approvals to another user
* Which user has been delegated these approvals
* The start and end date of these delegations

To learn more, see [Create a User Delegation report](../../../reports-and-dashboards/reports/creating-and-managing-reports/create-user-delegation-report.md).

## Search for a group you want to assign to a project and view its details

It's now easier to make sure you identify the right group when you are assigning a group to a project. Hover over the name of a group you find in the Group box, then click the info icon that displays next to the name to view the Group Details tooltip.

This tooltip includes the hierarchy of groups above the group, if any, and the group’s administrators.

Depending on the details configured for the group, you might also see the group’s Business Leader and description.

With this information, you can be assured that you are selecting the right group to assign to the project.

For more information, see Manage information in the project Overview area.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/492153020?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/492153020/dfaa5b708a) 
