---
filename: 21-1-dec-7
content-type: release-notes
keywords: notes,quarterly,update
navigation-topic: 2021-1-release-activity
title: "21.1 release activity: Week of December 7, 2020"
description: This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 21.1 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.
hidefromtoc: true
---

# 21.1 release activity:&nbsp;Week of December 7, 2020

This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 21.1 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available with the 21.1 release, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## Recalculate all Custom Form fields for an object

Now it’s easier to ensure that all data in calculated custom fields is current for an object. A new Recalculate Expressions menu option lets you quickly recalculate all data in these fields.

This is especially useful after someone edits data in another object that is referenced by a calculated custom field in your object.

Previously, users had to use workarounds to ensure that all data in calculated custom fields was current. For example, they edited the object along with other objects to use the recalculation option that is available for bulk editing.

For more information, see [Edit information in custom form fields](../../../workfront-basics/work-with-custom-forms/edit-custom-forms.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/486601498?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/486601498/fcd21c5042)

## New look and feel to breadcrumb navigation

To help users to better identify where they are in Adobe Workfront and more easily navigate between objects, we've made the following improvements to breadcrumb navigation:

* Each item in the breadcrumb now includes an object label.
* The current page is now included in the breadcrumb and is in italics.
* Keyboard navigation and screen reader navigation are now available for the breadcrumbs.
* Additional minor styling changes

To learn more about the breadcrumb navigation, see [Breadcrumbs overview in the new Adobe Workfront experience](../../../workfront-basics/the-new-workfront-experience/breadcrumb-overview.md).

```<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/489471468?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>```

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/489471468/f4d97efe6a) 
