---
filename: 2017.3-beta-1-release-activity
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: product-releases-archive
title: 2017.3 Beta 1 release activity
description: This page describes all changes most recently available in the Preview environment with the 2017.3 release. The functionality on this page was made available in the Preview environment on August 9, 2017. It will be made available in the Production environment in early November, 2017.
---

# 2017.3 Beta 1 release activity

This page describes all changes most recently available in the Preview environment with the 2017.3 release. The functionality on this page was made available in the Preview environment on August 9, 2017. It will be made available in&nbsp;the Production environment in early November, 2017.

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>&nbsp;Functionality described on this page is subject to change prior to availability in the Production environment.

For a list of all changes made in 2017.3, see&nbsp; [2017.3 release activity overview](../../../../product-announcements/product-releases/quarterly-release-archive/2017.3-release-activity/2017.3-release-activity-overview.md).

The 2017.3 Beta 1&nbsp;release contains enhancements both for *Workfront administrator*s and other users:

`For Administrators:`

* [Prevent Tasks and Issues from Being Deleted When Hours Are Logged](#new-setting-to-prevent-tasks-and-issues-from-being-deleted-when-hours-are-logged) 
* [Removal of the "Early Access" Setting from the Setup Area](#removal-of-the-early-access-setting) 
* [Workfront Default Email Address Change](#workfront-default-email-address-change)

`For All Users:`

* [Resource Scheduling Improvements](#resource-scheduling-improvements) 
* [Widescreen Display](#widescreen-display) 
* [Resize and Reorder Columns in Reports and Lists](#resize-and-reorder-columns-in-reports-and-lists) 
* [Clear Custom Data Option When Copying Tasks and Issues](#clear-custom-data-option-when-copying-tasks-and-issues) 
* [Create a Project Directly from a Template](#create-a-project-directly-from-a-template) 
* [In-App Notification for Subscribed Objects](#in-app-notification-for-subscribed-objects) 
* [@Tagging Currently Not Available in the Preview Environment](#tagging-currently-not-available-in-the-preview-environment) 
* [Include User Allocation Information in the Utilization Report on a Project](#include-user-allocation-information-in-the-utilization-report-on-a-project)

## Resource Scheduling Improvements

The following resource scheduling improvements are available when scheduling resources for a team, for a project, or for multiple projects as the resource manager:

* [View Scheduling Area in Full-Screen Mode](#view-scheduling-area-in-full-screen-mode) 
* [More Date Range Options for Viewing the Resource Scheduling Area](#more-date-range-options-for-viewing-the-resource-scheduling-area) 
* [View Projected Dates on the Scheduling Timeline](#view-projected-dates-on-the-scheduling-timeline)

`<iframe class="mt-media" src="assets/228820443?title=0&byline=0&portrait=0" width="640px" height="360px" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>`&nbsp;

### View&nbsp;Scheduling Area in Full-Screen Mode

You can view the scheduling timeline in full-screen mode, allowing you to see more information&nbsp;in&nbsp;a single&nbsp;view.&nbsp;

For more information, see [Get started with Resource Scheduling](../../../../resource-mgmt/resource-scheduling/get-started-resource-scheduling.md) in [Get started with Resource Scheduling](../../../../resource-mgmt/resource-scheduling/get-started-resource-scheduling.md).

### More Date Range Options for Viewing the Resource Scheduling Area

You can view the following additional date range options when viewing the scheduling timeline:

* Single-day view
* 4-week view
* 6-week view

Prior to this change, you could view the scheduling timeline only in a 1-week, 2-week, or 3-week view. These date ranges&nbsp;are still available in addition to the new date ranges.

When you view the scheduling timeline in a single-day view, user allocations (including daily total hours) cannot be displayed.

For more information, see [Get started with Resource Scheduling](../../../../resource-mgmt/resource-scheduling/get-started-resource-scheduling.md) in [Get started with Resource Scheduling](../../../../resource-mgmt/resource-scheduling/get-started-resource-scheduling.md).

### View Projected Dates on the Scheduling Timeline

Now you can configure the scheduling timeline&nbsp;to show the&nbsp;Projected Dates rather than the Planned Dates for&nbsp;tasks and issues.&nbsp;

Prior to this change, tasks and issues on the scheduling timeline&nbsp;showed only Planned Dates.

When you view Projected Dates on the scheduling timeline, user allocations (including daily total hours) cannot be displayed.

For more information, see [Get started with Resource Scheduling](../../../../resource-mgmt/resource-scheduling/get-started-resource-scheduling.md) in&nbsp; [Get started with Resource Scheduling](../../../../resource-mgmt/resource-scheduling/get-started-resource-scheduling.md).&nbsp;

## Widescreen Display

When you display any of the following objects in *Workfront*, the entire browser window is filled automatically:

* Projects
* Tasks
* Issues
* Reports
* Dashboards
* Calendars

Prior to this change, there were two white sidebars on either side of the displayed area. Now, the widescreen view adjusts dynamically to the width of your screen and of your browser window.

`<iframe class="mt-media" src="assets/228728109?title=0&byline=0&portrait=0" width="640px" height="360px" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>`&nbsp;

## Resize and Reorder Columns in Reports and Lists

You can now reorder and resize columns in a report or list, without having to edit the report. (This functionality was removed with the deprecation of&nbsp;the Early Access environment earlier this year. It is now being reintroduced.)

This functionality is not available for dashboard lists or reports, as those lists have been redesigned in a new data grid structure. All other lists will have this functionality enabled with this release.

For more information about resizing and reordering columns, see [Modify column width and order](../../../../reports-and-dashboards/reports/reporting-elements/modify-column-width-order.md).

## Clear Custom Data Option When Copying Tasks and Issues

When copying a task or issue, you can now select an option to clear any custom data.&nbsp;When you choose to clear the custom data of a task or issue, the form is copied to the new item, but the custom data on form is not. Clearing custom data&nbsp;also affects the custom forms attached to the documents attached to the items, or the custom forms attached to the expenses on the task.

Prior to this change, the custom data included on a custom form was also copied to the new item when you copied the task or issue.&nbsp;

For more information about copying tasks, see [Copy and duplicate tasks](../../../../manage-work/tasks/manage-tasks/copy-and-duplicate-tasks.md).

For more information about copying issues, see [Copy issues](../../../../manage-work/issues/manage-issues/copy-issues.md).

`<iframe class="mt-media" src="assets/228728074?title=0&byline=0&portrait=0" width="640px" height="360px" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>`&nbsp;

## Create a Project Directly from a Template

You can now create a project from a template, at the template level.

Prior to this change, you could create a project from a template only on the Projects tab in the Projects area of *Workfront*, by using the `New Project From Template` option.

For more information about creating a project from a template, see [Create a project using a template](../../../../manage-work/projects/create-projects/create-project-from-template.md).

`<iframe class="mt-media" src="assets/228728059?title=0&byline=0&portrait=0" width="640px" height="360px" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>`&nbsp;

## Prevent Tasks and Issues from Being Deleted When&nbsp;Hours Are Logged

You can now configure *Workfront*&nbsp;to either allow or prevent the deletion of tasks and issues that have hours logged.

Prior to this change, when you deleted a task or issue where hours were logged, the hours were either deleted with the task or issue, or they were moved to the project, depending on your Timesheet & Hours Preferences.

For more information about deleting tasks, see [Delete tasks](../../../../manage-work/tasks/manage-tasks/delete-tasks.md).

For more information about deleting issues, see [Delete issues](../../../../manage-work/issues/manage-issues/delete-issues.md).

For more information about enabling the system setting for task and issue deletion, see [Configure system-wide task and issue preferences](../../../../administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/configure-system-defaults/set-task-issue-preferences.md).

`<iframe class="mt-media" src="assets/228728027?title=0&byline=0&portrait=0" width="640px" height="360px" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>`&nbsp;

## Removal of the "Early Access" Setting from the Setup Area

We are removing the setting that allowed *Workfront administrator*s to enroll users to participate in the Early Access environment. This functionality has been deprecated since the end of 2016. We have not released any new functionality to Early Access in 2017, and all the features that were remaining in that environment have been moved to Production.

Prior to this change, *Workfront administrator*s could still add users to the Early Access environment, although there were no new features to access.

For more information about deprecating Early Access and our changes for the 2017 releases, see .

`<iframe class="mt-media" src="assets/228728049?title=0&byline=0&portrait=0" width="640px" height="360px" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>`&nbsp;

## *Workfront* Default Email Address Change

The default email address for *Workfront* outgoing mail has changed from [noreply@attask.com](mailto:noreply@attask.com) to [noreply@my.workfront.com](mailto:noreply@workfront.com).

If you currently filter emails sent from *Workfront*, you need to change your filter to reflect the new default address.&nbsp;

The change in the default address has no effect on configured *Workfront* email addresses.&nbsp;

For more information, see .

## In-App Notification for Subscribed Objects

When a user makes&nbsp;a comment on projects, tasks, and issues to which you are subscribed, you now receive an in-app notification. To learn more about subscription in-app notifications, see [View and manage in-app notifications](../../../../workfront-basics/using-notifications/view-and-manage-in-app-notifications.md).

Depending on the features your *Workfront administrator* has enabled, you can also receive email notifications for subscribed items. You can easily unsubscribe from an item through a link on a subscription email, as described in [Adobe Workfront notifications](../../../../workfront-basics/using-notifications/wf-notifications.md).

Prior this change, you always received an email notification for subscribed items, and there was no option to receive an in-app notification.

While you can disable subscription email, you cannot disable in-app notifications for subscribed items. For more information see [Configure event notifications for everyone in the system](../../../../administration-and-setup/manage-workfront/emails/configure-event-notifications-for-everyone-in-the-system.md).

To learn more about subscribing to items, see [Subscribe to items in Adobe Workfront](../../../../workfront-basics/using-notifications/subscribe-to-items-in-workfront.md).

`<iframe class="mt-media" src="assets/228728083?title=0&byline=0&portrait=0" width="640px" height="360px" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>`&nbsp;

`<iframe class="mt-media" src="assets/228728099?title=0&byline=0&portrait=0" width="640px" height="360px" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>`&nbsp;

## @Tagging Currently Not Available in the Preview Environment

As we work to bring Rich Text Format functionality to the update stream, you will temporarily be unable to use the @ symbol to tag other users in the update stream for the following objects in the Preview Environment:

* Project
* Task
* Issue
* Timesheet

You can still tag others by clicking the `Include Others on this Update` icon.

For more information, see [Tag others on updates](../../../../workfront-basics/updating-work-items-and-viewing-updates/tag-others-on-updates.md).

## Include User Allocation Information in&nbsp;the Utilization Report on a Project

The Utilization Report on a project now takes into consideration whether the Planned Hours have been re-allocated across the duration of a&nbsp;task. When the user allocation for hours have been modified (as described in [Manage user allocations in the Scheduling areas](../../../../resource-mgmt/resource-scheduling/manage-allocations-scheduling-areas.md) in [Manage user allocations in the Scheduling areas](../../../../resource-mgmt/resource-scheduling/manage-allocations-scheduling-areas.md)), the data in the Utilization Report can be affected&nbsp;if the dates selected in the Utilization Report contain only a portion of a task.

For more information, see&nbsp; [Overview of the Resource Utilization report](../../../../reports-and-dashboards/reports/using-built-in-reports/resource-utilization-report.md).&nbsp;
