---
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: product-releases-archive
title: 2018.3 Beta 1 release activity
description: This page describes all changes most recently available in the Preview environment with the 2018.3 Beta 1 release. The functionality will be available in the Preview environment on June 1, 2018. Proofing enhancements releasing with Beta 1 will be available in the Preview environment on Wednesday, July 18. It will be made available in the Production environment in November 2018.
author: Luke
feature: Product Announcements
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
exl-id: b19c0086-89b2-46c3-a70d-0140dfbd11e8
---
# 2018.3 Beta 1 release activity

This page describes all changes most recently available in the Preview environment with the 2018.3 Beta 1 release.&nbsp;The functionality will be available in the Preview environment on June 1, 2018.&nbsp;Proofing enhancements releasing with Beta 1 will be available in the Preview environment on Wednesday, July 18. It will be made available in&nbsp;the Production environment in November 2018.

>[!NOTE]
>
>&nbsp;Functionality described on this page is subject to change prior to availability in the Production environment.

For a list of all changes made in 2018.3, see&nbsp; [2018.3 release activity overview](../../../../product-announcements/product-releases/quarterly-release-archive/2018.3-release-activity/2018.3-release-activity-overview.md).

The 2018.3 Beta 1 release contains the following enhancements:

* [Access Team Requests in Home](#access-team-requests-in-home) 
* [View Task Information in the Project List Gantt Chart](#view-task-information-in-the-project-list-gantt-chart) 
* [Improvements When Exporting the Role and Project Views of the Resource Planner](#improvements-when-exporting-the-role-and-project-views-of-the-resource-planner) 
* [Access Multiple Proofs Directly from the proofing viewer (Workfront Proof)](#access-multiple-proofs-directly-from-the-proofing-viewer-workfront-proof)

## Access Team Requests in Home {#access-team-requests-in-home}

You can now access Team Requests in the Home area.

Prior to this change, you could access only Work Requests from the Home area.

For more information, see [Manage work and team requests in the Home area](../../../../workfront-basics/using-home/using-the-home-area/manage-work-and-team-requests-home.md).

## View Task Information in the Project List Gantt Chart {#view-task-information-in-the-project-list-gantt-chart}

You can now view information about a project's tasks in the Project List Gantt Chart.&nbsp;

Previously, you could view information about tasks only in the Task List Gantt Chart or within a project.

For more information, see [View information in the Gantt Chart](../../../../manage-work/gantt-chart/use-the-gantt-chart/view-info-in-gantt.md) in the article [View information in the Gantt Chart](../../../../manage-work/gantt-chart/use-the-gantt-chart/view-info-in-gantt.md).

## Improvements When Exporting the Role and Project Views of the Resource Planner {#improvements-when-exporting-the-role-and-project-views-of-the-resource-planner}

When exporting the Resource Planner from the Role or Project Views, you can now export all the levels of information just as you access the lists.

Prior to this improvement, you had to do the following:

* Manually expand all levels of information (role, project, and user), and then export them from the Resource Planner in the Role View.
* Manually scroll to the bottom of your list to export all levels of information (project, role, and user) from the Resource Planner in the Project View.

For more information about exporting the Resource Planner, see [Resource Planner display limitations](../../../../resource-mgmt/resource-planning/resource-planner-display-limitations.md).

## Access Multiple Proofs Directly from the proofing viewer (Workfront Proof) {#access-multiple-proofs-directly-from-the-proofing-viewer-workfront-proof}

In Workfront Proof, when you store multiple proofs in the same folder, users with access to those proofs can review and compare them without leaving the proofing viewer.&nbsp;

If the folder contains many proofs, you can use the search box at the top of the open folder to quickly find the proof you want.

You can also sort the proofs by clicking one of the column headings above them.

Previously when using Workfront Proof, it was not possible to access multiple proofs while in a proofing viewer.

This functionality is available only when using the Web Proofing Viewer or the Desktop Proofing Viewer; it is not available when using the Legacy proofing viewer.

For more information, see [Work with multiple proofs in the proofing viewer](../../../../workfront-proof/wp-work-proofsfiles/review-proofs-wpv/work-with-multiple-proofs.md).
