---
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: product-releases-archive
title: 2018.3 Beta 3 release activity
description: This page describes all changes most recently available in the Preview environment with the 2018.3 Beta 3 release. The functionality will be available in the Preview environment on August 16, 2018. It will be made available in the Production environment in November 2018.
author: Luke
feature: Product Announcements
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
exl-id: 452fc235-ff90-4451-b48b-354671227f6f
---
# 2018.3 Beta 3 release activity

This page describes all changes most recently available in the Preview environment with the 2018.3 Beta 3 release.&nbsp;The functionality will be available in the Preview environment on August 16, 2018. It will be made available in&nbsp;the Production environment in November 2018.

>[!NOTE]
>
>&nbsp;Functionality described on this page is subject to change prior to availability in the Production environment.

For a list of all changes made in 2018.3, see&nbsp; [2018.3 release activity overview](../../../../product-announcements/product-releases/quarterly-release-archive/2018.3-release-activity/2018.3-release-activity-overview.md).

The 2018.3 Beta 3 release contains&nbsp;enhancements both for Workfront administrators and other users:

**For Administrators**

* [Update Roles in the User Profile as a Group Administrator](#update-roles-in-the-user-profile-as-a-group-administrator)

**For All Users**

* [Home Area Is Now the Default](#home-area-is-now-the-default) 
* [Prioritize Your Work in Home](#prioritize-your-work-in-home) 
* [Unique URL for the Resource Planner User View](#unique-url-for-the-resource-planner-user-view) 
* [Upload Profile Picture in the Workfront Mobile App](#upload-profile-picture-in-the-workfront-mobile-app)&nbsp;
* [Custom Form Improvement in the Workfront Mobile App](#custom-form-improvement-in-the-workfront-mobile-app) 
* [Log Time in the Workfront Mobile App in Landscape Orientation](#log-time-in-the-workfront-mobile-app-in-landscape-orientation) 
* [Rearrange the Icons in the Bottom Navigation Bar in the Workfront Mobile App](#rearrange-the-icons-in-the-bottom-navigation-bar-in-the-workfront-mobile-app)

## Home Area Is Now the Default {#home-area-is-now-the-default}

We have removed all beta tagging in the Home area. All layout templates now default to the Home area in preparation for the removal on My Work in the 2019.1 release.

## Prioritize Your Work in Home {#prioritize-your-work-in-home}

Using the My Priority sort option, you can now prioritize any work item in your work list that's important to you.

Previously, you could prioritize only tasks and issues in the My Work area.

For more information, see [Prioritize work in the Home area](../../../../workfront-basics/using-home/using-the-home-area/prioritize-work-in-home.md).

## Update Roles in the User Profile as a Group Administrator {#update-roles-in-the-user-profile-as-a-group-administrator}

You can now update the following fields for users who belong to a group you administer:

* Primary Role
* Other Roles

Previously, only system and user administrators could update these fields.&nbsp;

For more information, see [Group administrators](../../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/group-roles/group-administrators.md).

## Unique URL for the Resource Planner User View {#unique-url-for-the-resource-planner-user-view}

You can now generate a unique URL for the Resource Planner&nbsp;when displayed in the User View. You can embed the URL into a dashboard, or paste it into a new browser tab or window to display the User View outside of the Resource Planner tab.

Previously, this functionality was not available.

For more information, see the "Unique URL for the User View" section in [Resource Planner navigation overview](../../../../resource-mgmt/resource-planning/resource-planner-navigation.md).

## Upload Profile Picture in the Workfront Mobile App&nbsp; {#upload-profile-picture-in-the-workfront-mobile-app}

You can now upload a profile picture using the Workfront beta app for Android.

Previously, this functionality was available only on the iOS platform.&nbsp;

<!--
<p data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">For more information, see .</p>
-->

## Custom Form Improvement in the Workfront Mobile App {#custom-form-improvement-in-the-workfront-mobile-app}

Custom forms now appear in the main tab of an object in the Workfront beta app for Android.

Previously,&nbsp;custom forms appeared on a separate tab.

<!--
<p data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">For more information, see the "Editing Custom Forms" section in .</p>
-->

## Log Time in the Workfront Mobile App in Landscape Orientation {#log-time-in-the-workfront-mobile-app-in-landscape-orientation}

You can now log time in the landscape orientation in the Workfront beta app for Android.

Previously, you could log time only in the portrait orientation.

<!--
<p data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">For more information, see </p>
-->

## Rearrange the Icons in the Bottom Navigation Bar in the Workfront Mobile App {#rearrange-the-icons-in-the-bottom-navigation-bar-in-the-workfront-mobile-app}

You can now customize the order in which the areas in the bottom navigation bar appear when using the Workfront beta app for Android.

Previously, this functionality was available only on the iOS platform.

<!--
<p data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">For more information, see .</p>
-->
