---
filename: 20.3-release-overview
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: product-releases
title: 20.3 release overview
description: The 20.3 release was made available in the Production environment the week of . This page provides information about the functionality included in the 20.3 release.
---

# 20.3 release overview

<!--
The 20.3 release was made available in the Production environment the week of . This page provides information about the functionality included in the 20.3 release.
-->

This page provides information about functionality for both `Adobe Workfront Classic` and `the new Adobe Workfront experience` that is included in the 20.3 release. These new products and capabilities are designed to help you lead transformational change in your organization during this time of disruption.

<!--
As the 20.3 release nears its planned Production release, this page will be updated with all functionality included with 20.3.
-->

These enhancements are currently available in the Preview environment and was made available in the Production environment the week of August 10, 2020. 

<!--
For specific release dates and times for each cluster, see the Workfront Status Site.
-->

## Enhancements for administrators

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates and environments</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Workfront Fusion 2.0 is here! Workfront recently acquired technology for a completely new generation of Workfront Fusion―the powerful integration platform that lets work flow freely across virtually any web-based application. Previous Workfront Fusion customers can expect greater power, speed, usability, and predictability in Workfront Fusion 2.0. We are in the process of migrating current Workfront Fusion customers to Workfront Fusion 2.0. Please contact your account executive for more details. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: N/A Production release: July 1, 2020 Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic Updates to enrollment in the new Workfront experience To make user enrollment in the new Workfront experience more manageable, Group Administrators now have access to enroll and unenroll users that belong to the groups they manage. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 2, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic For administrators: New Groups page makes it easier to create and manage groups Group administrators can more easily manage groups now that everything they need is on the new Groups page. It’s no longer necessary to navigate between various overlay boxes and Setup pages to create and modify groups. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 2, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience For administrators: Set project preferences at the group level To give your Group administrators more autonomy and to allow for more group-level customization of your workflows, you can now define your project preferences at the group level, for groups that you administer. When you create a project, the preferences of the group will take effect before those of the system. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 10, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release (Temporarily unavailable for most customers on clusters 1, 2, 3, and 5) Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic Group Administrators can create and manage approval processes To allow more autonomy and control of their groups’ workflows, a Group Administrator can now access the Approval Process area in Setup and create and edit approval processes for a group that he or she manages. These approval processes are based on that group’s statuses. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 10, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic New for administrators: Create both an internal name and a user-facing label for a Custom Form field To give you more flexibility in labeling and relabeling Custom Form fields, you can now create an internal name for a field in addition to the user-facing label you’ve been using. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 2, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic New for administrators: Brand Workfront for specific groups, teams, job roles, and users Now you can use a Layout Template to change the logos in the top navigation area and on the Main Menu for specific groups, teams, job roles, and users who have their own branding. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: June 19, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience New for administrators: Create up to 14 levels of subgroups To make it easier to organize your Workfront groups to match your organization hierarchy, we’ve increased the levels of subgroups you can create within a group from 3 to 15. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: June 19, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic New for administrators: Create Custom Form fields where users can format text In a Custom Form, you can now create fields that include text formatting buttons. When users type in these fields, they can highlight and organize their text using bold, italics, and underline. The high character limit of 15,000 allows for plenty of text and formatting. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: June 18, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic New for administrators: New Setup sidebar The left sidebar in Setup is now faster and easier to use and leverages the basic layout and functionality you already know. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: May 22, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Include cluster number in Customer Info area As a Workfront administrator, you can now easily find the cluster number inside Workfront, without having to spend additional time and effort getting it from our Support team. We added a Cluster Setup field in the Customer Info area of Setup. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 10, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic Removed ability to create duplicate Event Subscriptions To prevent the delivery of duplicate messages, you can no longer create duplicate subscriptions. Additionally, any duplicate subscriptions created previously have been removed. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: April 14, 2020 Production release: May 22, 2020 Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## Enhancements for all users

The 2020.3 release contains the following enhancements for all users:

* [Workfront Goals](#workfron3) `New!`

* [Scenario Planner](#scenario) `New!`

* [Analytics enhancements](#analytic) 
* [Agile enhancements](#agile) 
* [Resource Management enhancements](#resource) 
* [Project Management enhancements](#project) 
* [Proof enhancements](#proof) 
* [Integration and mobile enhancements](#mobile) 
* [Other enhancements](#other)

### `Workfront Goals`

>[!NOTE]
>
>Your organization must have the following to use the functionality described in this article: 
>
>* A `Pro` or higher [ `Adobe Workfront` plan](https://www.workfront.com/plans). 
>* An `Adobe Workfront Goals` license in addition to a `Workfront` license.
>
>  Contact your `Workfront` account manager to learn about a `Workfront Goals` license. 
>
>  `Workfront Goals` is available only in `the new Adobe Workfront experience`. 
>
>For additional information about access to `Workfront Goals`, see Requirements to use Adobe Workfront Goals.

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates and environments</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Workfront Goals with the 20.3 release - August 14, 2020 With Workfront Goals, you can align strategy, goals, and work to drive execution across the organization and deliver measurable business outcomes. Define what you’re going to accomplish and why it’s important. Beta Preview release: N/A Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience 
 </tbody> 
</table>

Scenario Planner Note: Access requirements You must have the following: Workfront plan&#42; Business or higher License type&#42; Review or higher. For more information, see Adobe Workfront licenses overview. Product Workfront Scenario Planner For information about the Workfront Scenario Planner, see The Adobe Workfront Scenario Planner overview. Access level&#42; View access or higher to the Scenario Planner Note: If you still don't have access, ask your Workfront administrator if they set additional restrictions in your access level. For information on how a Workfront administrator can change your access level, see Create or modify custom access levels. Object permissions View permissions or higher for a plan For information on requesting additional access to a plan, see Request access to a plan in the Adobe Workfront Scenario Planner. &#42;To find out what plan, license type, or access you have, contact your Workfront administrator. &nbsp;

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates and environments</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Workfront Scenario Planner with the 20.3 release - August 14, 2020 With Scenario Planner, create and compare multiple what-if scenarios to choose the best path forward. And when your priorities change, iteratively re-plan without impacting in-progress work. Beta Preview release: N/A Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Analytics enhancements

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates and environments</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Enhanced analytics is here! Enhanced analytics is now available in Workfront. This feature gives you a high-level overview of your work with visualizations that show you what happened on a project, which projects are receiving the most focus, and much more! Beta Preview release: July 13, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Note: Available only to customers with Business or Enterprise plans in clusters 1-5. Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Agile enhancements

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates and environments</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Choose how long cards stay on the Kanban board Now, you can choose how long Completed cards stay on the Kanban board. Previously, cards dropped off the Kanban board after 14 days. Beta Preview release: June 17, 2020 Production release: July 2, 2020 Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic Agile boards load 50 work items at a time To increase the speed and performance of the agile tools, up to 50 cards now load in various locations. If there are more than 50 work items on an agile board, a button appears at the bottom of the board or backlog, allowing you to load additional work items. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: June 19, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Resource Management enhancements

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates and environments</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Include hours from issues in the Assigned Work area of the Workload Balancer To allow you to see a complete picture of all your people's workloads, we have introduced a setting that allows you to include hours from issues in the Assigned Work area of the Workload Balancer. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: June 19, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic Adjust allocations for non-working days in the Workload Balancer You can adjust allocations for your resources for non-working days using the Workload Balancer. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 2 -September 22 (in a phased rollout) Production release: July 2 - 21, 2020 (in a phased rollout) Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic Variable filters available in the Workload Balancer To improve your experience as well as to give you more flexibility when you share information, we have now implemented variable filters for the Workload Balancer. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: June 5, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic New sorting for projects in the Workload Balancer The Workload Balancer now sorts the projects based first on the earliest Planned Start Date and secondly the latest Planned Completion Date of the tasks in the project which occur during the timeframe the user displays on the screen. This allows you to organize work in a tree-like hierarchy which helps you more easily identify work for a day. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: June 5, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic Display actual work progress in the Workload Balancer To give you an accurate perspective of the progress of your workload, we have introduced a new setting in the Workload Balancer that shows the timeline of tasks and issues according to their Projected Dates. You can enable the Show Projected Dates setting to view the projected timeline of the work item in addition to the planned timeline. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: June 2, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic Workload Balancer features previously communicated as releasing with the 20.2 release Several features were originally released to the Preview environment as part of the 20.2 release and were later removed. These features are now being released to Preview and Production in a phased roll-out. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: With the 20.2 release Production release: With the 20.3 release in a phased roll-out Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Project Management enhancements

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates and environments</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Custom field formatting in lists Now, when the system administrator creates custom forms fields that are configured for formatting, you can format text in those fields where you use them the most: in lists throughout Workfront. Instead of going into the Details area to format text in the custom form, you can click a field in a list and apply Bold, Italics, and Underline to text there. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 2, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic (Available for some lists, but not supported) Updated look and feel of several global headers The global areas of Projects, Portfolios, Programs and Templates now have an updated header that makes better use of the space on the screen. This update provides more space for the information you work with that you need to focus on. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: June 19, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience New Edit Project box As part of updating the look and feel of the new Workfront experience, we have redesigned the Edit project box. You can access the new Edit Project box from an individual project or when editing a single project from a list. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: June 19, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience New Summary panel and Updates improvements for the documents list The new Summary panel to the right of the documents list is now available with an enhanced design in the new Workfront experience. This panel provides the same actions and information available in the panel on the right when you select a document in Workfront Classic, including document details, updates, Custom Forms, approvals, and document versions. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: June 2, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Improvements in Document Details Look for various improvements in the Document Details page, including new version options moved to a drop-down menu, larger preview thumbnails, and more. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: June 2, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Proof enhancements

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates and environments</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Improved visibility between the Updates tab and Proof comments Various improvements are available in the documents area, including when a proof comment displays in the Update tab, a new Reply in Proof button appears allowing you to go into the proofing viewer to reply. Also, when a proof comment is tagged with an action inside the proofing viewer, the action displays in the Update tab. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 13, 2020 Production release: October 9, 2020 (Originally planned with the 20.3 release) Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Update proofing custom fields in Document Details To streamline the proofing process, you can now see and edit custom fields set up in Workfront Proof on the Document Details page in Workfront if you're included on the proof workflow. Previously, you could only view custom fields in the proofing viewer. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 2, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience New look for the Document toolbar The toolbar in the Document area now has the same look and feel as the toolbar for projects, tasks, and issues in the new Workfront experience. In addition, the New Version option is now under the Add new drop-down menu in both the new Workfront experience and Classic. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 2, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic Create an advanced proof from the document list To make it easier to set up a workflow when turning an existing document in a proof, use the new Create Proof drop-down menu to configure the proof workflow from the document list. Previously, you had to generate the proof, then go into the Proofing Workflow area to set up the workflow. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 2, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Integration and mobile enhancements

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates and environments</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Introducing Workfront for MobileIron New! Workfront has partnered with MobileIron, a Mobile Device Management (MDM) platform, to provide organizations a more secure and controlled mobile experience. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: N/A Production release: August 21, 2020 Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic Zoom integration in the Updates area Make your video meetings a part of what you do in Workfront by starting Zoom meetings from the Updates area. Click the Zoom icon to insert a meeting URL into a comment and tag co-workers to notify them about the meeting. To join, they can simply click the link. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 20, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic New mobile Virtual Assistant The new virtual assistant for the Workfront mobile app is coming to both Android and iOS with this release. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: June 1, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Other enhancements

<table> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Feature</span> </p> </td> 
   <td> <p><span class="bold">Release dates and environments</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> Share a calendar with a private link To ease the burden of sharing calendars in Workfront, you can share a private link that takes users directly to the calendar. The calendar must be shared with the user, and they have to log in to view it. Previously, you could share a public URL that did not require a log in to view. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 2, 2020 Production release: July 16, 2020 Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic New Drafts area when creating requests To give you more flexibility when working with requests, Workfront now automatically saves every request you create as a draft in the new Drafts area. If you don't have all the information needed to complete the new request, you can leave it as a draft, come back to it and finish it later. Workfront saves one request per queue topic in the new Drafts area. The draft requests can be saved for as long as you need them until you are ready to complete and submit them. You can also remove or reposition the Drafts area in the left panel using a Layout Template. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 2, 2020 Production release: With the 20.3 release Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic Expand or collapse items on the timesheet To help you easily manage timesheets with several items, you can now expand or collapse all items with the click of a button. Previously, you had to click on each item individually. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 2, 2020 Production release: July 16, 2020 Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Ignore Actual Dates in Workfront Calendars To give you more control over how objects display in Calendar Reports, you can opt to ignore actual dates even when they’re available. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: June 3, 2020 Production release: June 18, 2020 Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic Use custom date fields in calendar reports To help you better visualize and manage your daily work with calendars, custom date fields are now available as a date option. Previously, you could manage your calendar only with projected, planned when actual dates were not available. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: May 29, 2020 Production release: June 18, 2020 Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic Email changes All email from Workfront will come from notifications@my.workfront.com, and system Administrators will no longer have the ability to configure a custom POP email server for incoming email replies to notifications. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 9, 2020 Production release: Beginning with the 20.3 release in a phased rollout and available to all customers by September 1, 2020. Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic DomainKeys Identified Mail (DKIM) now included on outgoing Workfront emails An email authentication technique (DKIM) will be included on all outgoing emails. This DKIM signature is not visible to the end-user but allows validation on a server level and reinforces our existing authentication framework. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 29, 2020 Production release: Beginning with the 20.3 release in a phased rollout and available to all customers by September 1, 2020. Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic Base64 encoding for Event Subscriptions The base64Encoding field is an optional field that is used to enable Base64 encoding of event subscription payloads. If a request is made using the base64Encoding field set to true, then the newState and oldState objects in the payload are delivered as Base64 encoding strings. This feature can be useful if your network is configured in such a way that it will not allow special characters in Event Subscriptions. Available on these dates: Beta Preview release: July 8, 2020 Production release: July 10, 2020 Available in these environments: The new Adobe Workfront experience Adobe Workfront Classic 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## API&nbsp;enhancements

API&nbsp;version 11 released with the 2020.1 release. For information about what's new and updated, see What's new in API version 11What's new in API version 11.

For more information about API versions, see API versioning and support scheduleAPI Version Release and Support Schedule.

## Workfront Maintenance Updates

For information about the maintenance updates made during the 20.3 release, see Workfront Maintenance Updates.

## Announcements

* [Change in Preview release cadence](#change) 
* [Allowlist of additional domains required for accessing Workfront](#whitelis) 
* [Workfront One](#workfron) 
* [20.3 Release Webinar](#2020.1) 
* [Q1 Product Roadmap Webinar](#q1)

### Change in Preview release cadence

Starting on May 20, 2020, Workfront began to make functionality available in the Preview environment on a weekly basis. Prior to this change, functionality was typically released to the Preview environment every two weeks.

For more information, see [Change in Workfront preview release cadence FAQ](https://one.workfront.com/s/article/Change-in-Workfront-Preview-release-cadence)

### Allowlist of additional domains required for accessing `Workfront`

If your organization uses a firewall, you must add the following additional domains to your allowlist in order to ensure uninterrupted access to Workfront:

* event.split.io
* sdk.split.io

For more information, see [Configure your firewall's allowlist](../../../administration-and-setup/get-started-wf-administration/configure-your-firewall.md).

### Workfront One

With Workfront One, you’ll discover the most important content, resources, and news from Workfront —all in one place, with one login. We’ve unified the Experience, Community, and Training sites making it easier to find what you’re looking for.

[Learn more about Workfront One](https://www.workfront.com/campaigns/workfront-one).

### 20.3 Release Webinar

View the 20.3 Product Release Webinar [here](https://one.workfront.com/s/managed-content-event/20-3-product-release-webinar-20Y0z000000bmRJEAY).

<!--
Q1 Product Roadmap Webinar Learn more about what’s to come during the Q1 Roadmap webinar. This webinar was held on March 26, 2020. Click the link to register and watch the recording on demand. Test
-->

