

# 20.3 release activity:&nbsp;Week of July 6, 2020

This page describes all enhancements made with the `{Release Version]` release to the Preview the week of `[Release Date]`.

<!--
These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment the week of May 11, 2020.
-->

For a list of all changes available at this point in the `{Release Version]` release cycle, see [20.3 release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/20.3-release-activity/20.3-release-overview.md).

## Zoom integration in the Updates area

Make your video meetings a part of what you do in Workfront by starting Zoom meetings from the Updates area. Click the Zoom icon to insert a meeting URL into a comment and tag co-workers to notify them about the meeting. To join, they can simply click the link.

For more information, see [Zoom integration overview](../../../workfront-integrations-and-apps/zoom-integration-with-wf/zoom-integration-overview.md).

## Set project preferences at the group level

To give your Group administrators more autonomy and to allow for more group-level customization of your workflows, you can now define your project preferences at the group level, for groups that you administer. When you create a project, the preferences of the group will take effect before those of the system.

All project preferences are customizable at the group level, except for Timeline Calculations and Custom Quarters.

For more information about Group Project Preferences, see [Configure project preferences for a group](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-groups/configure-project-preferences-group.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/437230282?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/437230282/35f0020656)

## Include cluster number in Customer Info area

As a Workfront administrator, you can now easily find the cluster number inside Workfront, without having to spend additional time and effort getting it from our Support team. We added a Cluster Setup field in the Customer Info area of Setup.

For information about the Customer Info area, see [Configure basic information for your system](../../../administration-and-setup/get-started-wf-administration/configure-basic-info.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/437227061?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/437227061/2e33b9cc3d)

## Base64 encoding for Event Subscriptions

The base64Encoding field is an optional field that is used to enable Base64 encoding of event subscription payloads. If a request is made using the base64Encoding field set to true, then the newState and oldState objects in the payload are delivered as Base64 encoding strings. This feature can be useful if your network is configured in such a way that it will not allow special characters in Event Subscriptions.

For more information please see [Event Subscription API](../../../wf-api/general/event-subs-api.md).
