---
filename: 21-1-nov-30
content-type: release-notes
keywords: notes,quarterly,update
navigation-topic: 2021-1-release-activity
title: 21.1 release activity: Week of November 30, 2020
description: This page describes all [Product Area] enhancements made with the 21.1 release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.
---

# 21.1 release activity:&nbsp;Week of November 30, 2020

This page describes all `[Product Area]` enhancements made with the `21.1` release to the Preview environment. These enhancements were made available in the Production environment the week of July 21, 2021.

For a list of all changes available with the `21.1` release, see [21.3 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/21.3-release-activity/21-3-release-overview.md).

## Hide the overtime box in Timesheets

You can now hide the overtime box to ease user confusion if you do not track overtime in Workfront. You can hide the overtime box for a single-use timesheet or in the Timesheet Profile:

* Single-use Timesheet: When you opt to hide the overtime box in an individual timesheet, it is hidden only for that timesheet. For more information, see [Create a single-use timesheet](../../../timesheets/create-and-manage-timesheets/create-tmshts.md).
* Timesheet profile: When you opt to hide the overtime box in the Timesheet Profile, all future timesheets created for the user(s) assigned to that profile will not see the overtime box. For more information, see [Create, edit, and assign timesheet profiles](../../../timesheets/create-and-manage-timesheets/create-timesheet-profiles.md).

Previously, you could not hide the overtime box on timesheets.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/486452500?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/486452500/3a26bb615b)

## New for administrators: Unlock task and issue preferences for Group Administrators

`Adobe Workfront administrators` can now give Group Administrators more autonomy by unlocking individual task and issue preferences. When a preference is unlocked, Group Administrators can configure it for their groups to serve each group’s unique needs and internal processes.

For more information, see Configure task and issue preferences for a group.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/486598651?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/486598651/5696df879e)

## New for administrators: Configure access level settings for portfolios and programs separately

Now it’s easier to manage user access to portfolios and programs because you can configure their access level settings separately.

Previously, the access level settings for portfolios and programs were combined. This meant that you couldn’t configure access settings for programs without configuring them the same way for portfolios, and the same was true in reverse.

For information about configuring an access level, see [Create or modify custom access levels](../../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/create-modify-access-levels.md).

For information about access settings that you can configure for programs and portfolios, see [Configurable access to functionality for each object type](../../../administration-and-setup/add-users/access-levels-and-object-permissions/configurable-functionality-in-each-access-level-by-object-type.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/486600620?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/486600620/908d93b6ee)

## Select all checkboxes in a series when editing information in a Custom Form

In a Custom Form field on an object, click Select All to save time when you need to select all of the checkboxes available.

This option displays if the field contains more than 2 checkboxes.

For more information, see Edit information in custom form fields in Adobe Workfront.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/486602711?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/486602711/b66a6953d2)

## New Submitted Requests list

To allow you to manage your Submitted Requests in an easier, more consistent way, we have removed the Requests I’ve Submitted and All Requests sections in the Requests area and replaced them with a new Submitted list. The list has a familiar look and feel that matches all other lists in the system, allowing you to filter for different categories of submitted requests and quick search for a request that might be hard to find.

For information about how to locate submitted requests, see Locate submitted requests.

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/486869995?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/486869995/53b63d4053) 
