---
title: "Adobe Workfront Planning information: article index"
description: As a marketing operations leader, you can use Adobe Workfront Planning to organize work across the marketing lifecycle for all your teams. The articles in this section describe how you can configure the planning capabilities and how you can start using them as part of your campaign management operations.
hidefromtoc: yes
hide: yes
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
exl-id: 7a65d66e-a578-4016-805e-0cb04caaa18a
---
# Adobe Workfront Planning: article index

<!--
title: "Adobe Workfront Planning information: article index" 
description: As a marketing operations leader, you can use Adobe Workfront Planning to organize work across the marketing lifecycle for all your teams. The articles in this section describe how you can configure the planning capabilities and how you can start using them as part of your campaign management operations. 
hidefromtoc: yes
author: Alina
feature: Work Management
role: User, Admin
hide: yes
-->

<!--update the metadata with real information when making this avilable in TOC and in the left nav-->

<!-- update the title to "Article index" when we get out of early access and we inhide this article-->

<!--remove the video at open early access or before-->

{{planning-important-intro}}

You can use this page as the starting point for all the documentation related to Adobe Workfront Planning.

The articles in the sections listed below describe how you can configure Workfront Planning and start using it.

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>The documentation referenced in the sections below will be available some time after the features are released to Production. 

## General overview of Adobe Workfront Planning  

Access the following articles for an overview of the new Workfront Planning: 

<!--update the video when we have something better, especially after early access - remove it-->

<!--* [View a video demonstration of Adobe Workfront Planning](https://video.tv.adobe.com/v/3424253/){target=_blank}-->

* [Adobe Workfront Planning overview](/help/quicksilver/planning/general/planning-overview.md): A high-level overview of Adobe Workfront Planning, including the terminology and concepts that are unique to this solution. We recommend that you start your journey with Workfront Planning here. 
* [Adobe Workfront Planning current release activity](/help/quicksilver/planning/general/release-activity.md): A list of all the features that have been released since the launch of the Adobe Workfront Planning program, on May 22, 2023 with exact release dates and a short overview of each feature.
* [Adobe Workfront Planning AI Assistant overview](/help/quicksilver/planning/general/planning-ai-assistant-overview.md): With the Workfront AI Assistant for Planning you can search for records, or create, update, and delete records by using commands and letting the assistant do the work for you. 

    The Workfront AI Assistant is currently available to select customers in a beta stage. Contact your account representative to learn if you are eligible to participate to try out this new offering.  

* [Adobe Workfront Planning modules for Workfront Fusion](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/apps-and-their-modules/workfront-planning-modules.md): With the Adobe Workfront Planning modules, you can trigger a scenario when events occur in Workfront Planning. You can also create, read, update, and delete records, or perform a custom API call to your Adobe Workfront Planning account.

## Workfront Planning architecture and functionality

The following sections contain articles that describe in detail the features currently available for Workfront Planning: 

* [Access and permission information: article index](/help/quicksilver/planning/access/access-information.md): Information about the access and permissions needed to use Workfront Planning.
* [Architecture: article index](/help/quicksilver/planning/architecture/architecture-information.md): In-depth information about the architecture of Workfront Planning, with step-by-step instructions on how you can create and manage workspaces and record types.
* [Fields: article index](/help/quicksilver/planning/fields/fields-information.md): In-depth information and step-by-step instructions on creating custom fields for record types. 
* [Records: article index](/help/quicksilver/planning/records/records-information.md): In-depth information and step-by-step instructions on how you can create and manage records. 
* [Views: article index](/help/quicksilver/planning/views/views-information.md): In-depth information on record views and how to manage them when viewing a record type page.
* [Notifications: Article index](/help/quicksilver/planning/notifications/notifications-information.md): Information about email and in-app notifications generated by events in Workfront Planning. 

