

# 22.1 release activity:&nbsp;Week of October 18, 2021

This page describes all enhancements made with the `22.1` release to the Preview environment the week of `October 18, 2021`. These enhancements will be made available in the Production environment later this year

<!--
the week of October 4, 2021
-->

.For a list of all changes available at this point in the `22.1` release cycle, see [22.2 Release overview](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/22.2-release-activity/22-2-release-overview.md).

## New for administrators: Select expressions and fields in the new calculated field window

We're continuing to make it easier to create a calculated field in a custom form. Now, when you click Maximize to open the new Calculation Editor, you can find and select the expressions and fields you need.

For more information, see [Add calculated data to a custom form](../../../administration-and-setup/customize-workfront/create-manage-custom-forms/add-calculated-data-to-custom-form.md).

## New experience when moving a task at the task level

To make your use of Workfront consistent with the new Workfront experience, we have redesigned the interface for moving a task. This is currently available when moving a task at the task level. In a following release, we will extend this redesign to moving a task from a list.

Some of the improvements of this newly redesigned interface include:

* All information that you must update before the move displays on one continuous page.
* Workfront will check whether you have access to the destination project immediately after choosing the project. Prior to this enhancement, Workfront warned you that you don't have the correct access after you have confirmed the move which resulted in extra steps and the move not being allowed.
* Ability to request access for a project where you want to move the task without leaving the Move Task box.

For more information, see [Move tasks](../../../manage-work/tasks/manage-tasks/move-tasks.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/637948554?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/637948554/8766b69338)

## New for administrators: Groups can configure their own timesheet and hour preferences

>[!NOTE]
>
>This feature was initially available as part of a phased rollout only for customers on Cluster 4 as part of the 21.4 release. This feature will be available for all remaining clusters in Production on November 8, 2021.

In a large organization, some groups might need to configure timesheet and hour preferences independently to fit their unique workflows, rather than inheriting the preferences configured by an administrator at the system level. Now Workfront administrators can unlock a timesheet and hour preference for all groups in the system so that they can configure it on their own.

This ability was also added recently for project preferences and for task and issue preferences.

For information about how a Workfront administrator unlocks a timesheet and hour preference, see the section [Unlock timesheet and hour preferences for groups](../../../administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/configure-timesheets-schedules/timesheet-and-hour-preferences.md#lock) in the article [Configure timesheet and hour preferences](../../../administration-and-setup/set-up-workfront/configure-timesheets-schedules/timesheet-and-hour-preferences.md).

For information about how a group administrator configures unlocked task and issue preferences for a group, see [Configure timesheet and hour preferences for a group](../../../administration-and-setup/manage-groups/create-and-manage-groups/configure-timesheet-hour-preferences-group.md).

`<iframe class="vimeo-player_0" src="assets/600488692?" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1" width="560px" height="315px"></iframe>`

[View this video in full-screen mode.](https://vimeo.com/600488692/f2722950ee) 
