---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of May 20, 2024
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of May 20, 2024
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
exl-id: e7cc64fa-c041-4959-8934-2ca2af9aef7d
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of May 20, 2024

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of May 20, 2024.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/fusion-release-activity/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates.html) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## New objects available in Workfront connector modules

To make it easier for you to use the Workfront connector for your organization's use cases, we've made more objects available in some of the modules:

* The Baseline, Exchange rate, and Team objects are now available in the Create a record, Read a record, Update a record and Delete a record modules.
* The External Document object is now available in the Misc Actions module, to better support Adobe's Content Supply Chain.
* You can now copy native fields and custom forms when converting an object using the Convert an object module.

For details on any of the Workfront modules, see that module's section in the article [Workfront modules](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/apps-and-their-modules/workfront-modules.md).

## New experience in Fusion Templates area

To make Fusion templates easier to use, we've made some updates to the Templates area.

Now you can:

* See at a glance which connectors a template uses, and hover over the template to view scenario structure
* Search for specific connectors or keywords in templates
* Filter for templates related to specific use cases.

These updates are available for users that access Fusion through the Adobe Unified Experience.

For more information on the Fusion Templates area, see [Scenario Templates](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/scenarios/templates/fusion-templates.md).

For information on accessing Fusion through the Adobe Unified Experience, see [[!DNL Adobe Unified Experience] for [!DNL Workfront Fusion]](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/fusion-in-admin-console/fusion-unified-experience.md).

## New authentication available in Adobe Target connector

Because Adobe Target now requires a new authentication method for its API, we have added the Server-to-server connection type in the Adobe Target connector.

Connections created after June 3, 2024 require an Adobe Target Server-to-server connection. 

* Existing Service Account connections will continue to work until January 2025. You must replace your Service Account connections with Adobe Target Server-to-server connections by January 2024.
* You must be a developer for your organization to create an Adobe Target Server-to-server connection. The developer role is set in the Adobe Admin Console.

For information on creating a connection to Adobe Target, see [Create a connection to [!DNL Adobe Target]](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/apps-and-their-modules/adobe-target-modules.md#create-a-connection-to-adobe-target) in the article Adobe Target modules.
