---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of September 30, 2024
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of September 30, 2024
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
exl-id: 4c7b04b0-cb10-42e0-b8cd-198f5245c696
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of September 30, 2024

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of September 30, 2024.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/fusion-release-activity/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates.html) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Use JSON to provide credentials when creating a connection to Adobe Experience Manager Assets

To make creating a connection to Adobe Experience Manager more flexible, we've added the option to use a JSON file to enter credentials. Now, you can select whether to provide a JSON file with credentials, or enter credentials manually.

Previously, entering credentials manually was the only option.

For more information on creating a connection to Adobe Experience Manager Assets, see [Connect [!DNL Adobe Experience Manager Assets] to [!DNL Workfront Fusion]](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/apps-and-their-modules/aem-assets-modules.md#connect-adobe-experience-manager-assets-to-workfront-fusion) in the article Adobe Experience Manager Assets modules.

## Separate areas in scenario history for executions and events

To make it easier to locate information in the scenario history, we've created separate areas for executions and events. Now, events such as creating or editing the scenario are in their own area in the scenario history.

On the scenario history page, you can enable a toggle to see events. In the history panel of the scenario details page, executions and events are on different tabs.

Previously, executions and events were mixed in the scenario history.

For information on viewing scenario history, see [View a scenario's history in [!DNL Adobe Workfront Fusion]](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/scenarios/view-scenario-execution-history.md).
