---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of June 3, 2024
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of June 3, 2024
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of June 3, 2024

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of June 3, 2024

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/fusion-release-activity/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates.html) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## New user experience in Workfront Fusion

Workfront Fusion has been updated for users that do not access Fusion through the Adobe Experience Cloud. The new Fusion UI provides a more seamless experience with other Adobe products, and will smooth the transition of your users to the Adobe Experience Cloud.

Previously, the experiences of users that accessed Fusion through the Adobe Experience Cloud and those who did not were different in significant ways.

For information on how the new experience differs from the legacy experience, see [Navigate the new experience in Workfront Fusion](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/get-started/new-fusion-ui.md).

## Dev Tool now available in scenario builder toolbar

To make it easier for you to use the Workfront Fusion Dev Tools, we've added a button for the  Dev Tools to the toolbar. Now, you can quickly find these tools when you want to access the live stream, debugger, or scenario tools. 

Previously, these tools were only available by right-clicking in the scenario builder.

For more information on the Fusion Dev Tool, see [Debug scenarios with the [!DNL Adobe Workfront Fusion] Devtool](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/scenarios/debug-scenarios-with-dev-tool.md).

## Updates to Microsoft Dynamics connector

We've updated Fusion's connector for Microsoft Dynamics to resolve some issues and improve the user experience.  

* Added "Select fields to map" so that only the fields you need to configure are displayed when configuring modules. This is a new component and should be an improved experienced, especially when working in Dynamics environments with a lot of fields.  
* Resolved issue where some dropdown lists were not displaying list items.
* In some cases the full error message was not displayed when viewing the error in the bundle inspector. This has been resolved. Users can now see see the full error message when investigating errors.   



