---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of December 2, 2024
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of December 2, 2024
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
exl-id: 8e837751-ba9a-4bd4-a2d6-6edea71e71ff
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of December 2, 2024

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of December 2, 2024.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/fusion-release-activity/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates.html) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Check scenario health with Scenario Scoring Expert

To make it easier to identify how your scenario can improve, we've introduced the Scenario Scoring Expert. The Expert checks your scenario against best practices and gives feedback and tips on how it can be clearer or more efficient. 

For more information, see [Run the Scenario Scoring Expert in Adobe Workfront Fusion](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/scenarios/run-scenario-scoring.md).

## View Activity Log for an organization

To make it easier to see events (such as creating a scenario or inviting a user) in an organization, we've added the Activity Log. You can view the Activity log from a tab on the organization's dashboard.

Activity Logs are available to organizations with an Ultimate Workfront package.

For more informtion, see [View activity logs for an organization in Adobe Workfront Fusion](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/organizations/view-activity-logs-for-an-org.md)

## Get information from documentation with AI Assistant

AI Assistant can locate information from Workfront documentation, eliminating the need for you to visit Adobe Experience League to get the help you need. 

To use the AI Assistant in Fusion, Adobe must have a signed Adobe Gen AI agreement on file.

For more information, see [AI Assistant in Workfront Fusion](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/get-started/fusion-ai-assistant.md).
