---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of June 26, 2023
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of June 26, 2023
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
exl-id: 09aac854-b860-4f79-808c-7f2b36cdd496
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of  June 26, 2023

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of  June 26, 2023

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/fusion-release-activity/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates.html) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Updates to Adobe PDF Services connector

We've made the following updates to the Adobe PDF Services connector:

* Updated Connection: To give you more control over the connection used in the Adobe PDF Services connector, we've updated the connection types and authentication used for the connector. Now, you can set up a JWT or Service-to-Service connection with your own Adobe PDF Services credentials. 
* Updated PDF to Image module: In the PDF to Image module, you can now choose whether to output a zip file or a list of images.
* New Split PDF module: Use this module to split a PDF into smaller PDFs. You can split by number of files, pages per file, or page ranges.
* New PDF Accessibility Auto-Tag module: Use this module to tag a PDF and create a report for accessibility. PDFs that are tagged for accessibility offer screen readers more accuracy when identifying layout features such as headings or tables.

For more information on the Adobe PDF Services connector, see [Adobe PDF Services modules](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/apps-and-their-modules/pdf-modules.md).

## Proof Approval object now available in Watch events module

We've added the Proof Approval object to the Watch events module in the Workfront connector. Now, you can set up an event filter based on Proof approvals, such as Proof Approvals with a specific approver, or that have a specific decision made.

For more information on these modules, see [Workfront modules](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/apps-and-their-modules/workfront-modules.md#triggers).
