---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of December 16, 2024
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of December 16, 2024
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of December 16, 2024

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of December 16, 2024.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/fusion-release-activity/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates.html) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## JSONata transformer module now available

The JSONata module allows you to query a JSON object. You provide the object and the expression, and the module returns the results of the query.

For information and instructions, see [JSONata module](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/apps-and-their-modules/jsonata-module.md).

## Use cURL to create an HTTP module

To make the creation of HTTP modules more flexible, we've added the ability to create HTTP modules by pasting a cURL request into your scenario. Fusion creates an HTTP module configured from the cURL request.

For instructions, see [Use cURL to add an HTTP module](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/scenarios/use-curl-create-http.md).

## New and old data states available in module output

Now, module output includes both new and old states of data, allowing you to map either in subsequent modules.

For example, if a module changes the status of a Workfront task from New to Complete, the output will include both values, allowing you to map and filter based on the old value or the new value.

Previously, the old value was not available in module output.

## Data transfer information removed

Data transfer information is no longer available in the scenario list. 

You can still see this information when viewing a scenario's execution history. 

