---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of August 7, 2023
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of August 7, 2023
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
hidefromtoc: yes
exl-id: 2e3989ad-071c-45b4-a045-786e46fcb1ee
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of August 7, 2023

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of
 August 7, 2023

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/fusion-release-activity/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates.html) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Functionality moving to Adobe Unified Shell

On August 10. 2023, some Fusion functionality moved to the Adobe Unified Shell. If your organization has been onboarded to the Adobe Admin Console, you will notice the following changes:

* Preferences and settings are now adjusted from the Unified Shell.
* Your notifications are found in the notifications area of the Unified Shell.
* Email notifications are disabled by default. You can enable them through the Unified Shell.

For more information on Fusion in the Unified Shell, see [[!DNL Adobe Unified Experience] for [!DNL Workfront Fusion]                                                                                     ](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/fusion-in-admin-console/fusion-unified-experience.md)


## Look and feel updates for email notifications

To create a more consistent experience with other Adobe products, we've updated the look and feel of email notifications sent from Fusion. The new look and feel applies to error notifications, as well as invitation, welcome, and password reset emails.
