---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of October 7, 2024
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of October 7, 2024
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of October 7, 2024

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of October 7, 2024.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](../../../product-announcements/product-releases/fusion-release-activity/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates.html) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Workfront > Upload Document module now uploads document in chunks

To make uploading documents from Fusion work more smoothly with Workfront, we've created a new Upload Document module. The new module uploads documents in chunks. 

The existing Upload Documents module has been renamed to "Upload Documents (Legacy)." This module still works as expected, and scenarios using the existing module do not need to be updated.

For more information on configuring this module, see [Workfront modules](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/apps-and-their-modules/workfront-modules.md#actions).'

## New `mergeCollections` function available

To make collections more flexible, we've added the `mergeCollections` function to the mapping panel. This function merges two collections by combining their key-value pairs. If both collections contain the same key, the value from the second collection overwrites that value from the first collection.

For more information on general functions, including `mergeCollections`, see [General functions](/help/quicksilver/workfront-fusion/functions/general-functions.md).
