---
filename: _2019.2-release-activity-overview
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: 2019-2-release-activity
---



# 2019.2 release activity overview {#release-activity-overview}

This page provides information about the functionality included in the 2019.2 release. To download this content in PDF&nbsp;format, go [here](https://documentation.my.workfront.com/library/a/6626eb71-16b2-4460-bd81-9adcd4953eb5).


>[!NOTE]
>
>The 2019.2 release was made available in the Production environment on the following dates:
>
>
>
>* * *`Workfront`* Production environment for clusters 2, 4, and 6 - May 23* 
>* * *`Workfront`* Production environment for clusters 1, 3, and 5 - May 24* 
>* * *`Workfront Proof`* Production environment - May 21 * 
>
>



The 2019.2 release contains enhancements for both system administrators and other users.


## Enhancements for Administrators {#enhancements-for-administrators}




*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-administrator-enhancements.md#specify" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Specify Job Roles on Hour Entries</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  You can now specify a job role when logging time in Workfront.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-proofing-enhancements.md#allow" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Allow users without a proofing license to apply actions and resolve comments</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  Users without a *`proofing`* license can now apply actions to comments and resolve comments.





## Enhancements for All Users {#enhancements-for-all-users}



### Resource Management Enhancements {#resource-management-enhancements}




*  [New Resource Management Access Level](2019.2-resource-management-enhancements.md#new) 


  A new level of access is now available for Resource Management, allowing users with a Plan license to Edit access.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-resource-management-enhancements.md#order" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Order Projects by Portfolio Priorities in the Resource Planner</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  You can now order projects by their portfolio priority in the Resource Planner.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-resource-management-enhancements.md#resource" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Resource Planner Filter Improvement</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  The filtering experience in the Resource Planner is now more simple when you add a new field (Group) to the built-in filter criteria.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-resource-management-enhancements.md#display" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Display Portfolio Priority in the Resource Planner</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  You can now enable a setting in the Resource Planner that allows you to display the priority of the project according to the portfolio that it is assigned to.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-resource-management-enhancements.md#share" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Share Filters in the Resource Planner</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  You can now share filters you create in the Resource Planner with select users, teams, groups, job roles, or companies.





### Agile Enhancements {#agile-enhancements}




*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-agile-enhancements.md#track" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Track Percent Complete Progress on Issues in the Agile Tools</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  You can now track the progress of issues on the Kanban and Scrum boards.





### Project Enhancements {#project-enhancements}




*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-project-enhancements.md#display" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Display the Entire Row of a Parent Task in Bold in a Task List</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  In a task list, the row that contains a parent task is displayed in bold.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-project-enhancements.md#new" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">New Column Width Defaults in New Lists</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  Now, Workfront automatically adjusts the width of the columns according to the value format information in each column.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-project-enhancements.md#reverse" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Reverse Changes on the Task Lists</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  A new Autosave button on the task list enables you to select whether you want the changes you make to be automatically saved, or whether you want to see the effects of your changes before saving them.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-project-enhancements.md#attach" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Attach Default Custom Forms and Approval Processes to Tasks</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  You can now configure default custom forms and approval processes to attach to tasks when you add tasks to a project.

*  [Find Groups Faster When Customizing Statuses](2019.2-project-enhancements.md#find) 


  The drop-down menu on the Statuses tab in the Setup area is now a typeahead menu.





### Integration Enhancements {#integration-enhancements}




*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-integration-enhancements.md#updated" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Updated Workfront for Adobe Creative Cloud Integration</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  The Workfront for Adobe Creative Cloud extension now includes the integration with *`Workfront Library`*.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-integration-enhancements.md#workfron" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Workfront for Microsoft Teams Improvements</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  You can now submit work requests and manage your Workfront notifications when using *`Workfront for Microsoft`* Teams.





### Proofing Enhancements {#proofing-enhancements}




*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-proofing-enhancements.md#allow" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Allow users without a proofing license to apply actions and resolve comments</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  Users without a *`proofing`* license can now apply actions to comments and resolve comments.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-proofing-enhancements.md#tag" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Tag Any User when Commenting on a Proof in the Proofing Viewer</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  When you are commenting on a proof, you can now tag or "@mention" anyone with an email address recognized by Workfront.





### Mobile Enhancements {#mobile-enhancements}




*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> <a href="2019.2-integration-enhancements.md#improved" class="MCXref xref" xrefformat="{para}">Improved List Experience in iOS and Android</a> </MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  The look and feel for all list views are now updated in both the iOS and Android apps.





## Enhancements Released Directly to Production {#enhancements-released-directly-to-production}




*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> &nbsp;</MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  On any Proof Approval report, you can now use the new Is Current Document Version filter to include only the current versions of proofs waiting for your approval.

*   `<MadCap:conditionalText data-mc-conditions="OnlineOrPDF.OnlineOnly"> &nbsp;</MadCap:conditionalText>` 


  If you have objects that are no longer used, you can now deactivate them to hide them from lists in order to prevent users from associating them with other objects.

*  [Find Groups Faster When Customizing Statuses](2019.2-project-enhancements.md#find) 


  The drop-down menu on the Statuses tab in the Setup area is now a typeahead menu.





## Workfront Maintenance Updates {#workfront-maintenance-updates}

For information about the maintenance updates made during the 2019.2 release, see .


## Announcements {#announcements}




* [Workfront Library Now Available](#workfron2) 
* [API Version 3 No Longer Supported](#api) 
* [TLS Support Is Ending](#tls) 
* [Flash Application Removal](#flash) 
* [Various Single Sign-On Options to Be Removed](#various) 




### *`Workfront Library`* Now Available {#workfront-library-now-available}

*`Workfront Library`* is an enterprise digital content hub you can use to manage the full lifecycle of your organization's digital assets.


To see what's new in *`Workfront Library`*, see [Workfront Library release activity](_workfront-library-release-activity.md).


### API Version 3 No Longer Supported {#api-version-no-longer-supported}

Support for API version 3 ended in November 2018. For more information about the support schedule for versions of the Workfront API, see [API versioning and support schedule](api-version-support-schedule.md).


### TLS Support Is Ending {#tls-support-is-ending}

In order to provide optimal security, Workfront is requiring that all integrations and web traffic using TLS 1.0 or earlier be upgraded to use TLS 1.1 or later. This change is already in effect in the Preview environment.


For more information, see [TLS 1.2 to be required in Adobe Workfront](tls-1-disabled.md).


### Flash Application Removal {#flash-application-removal}

All functionality that relies on Flash technology has been removed from Workfront since the 2018.3 release and replaced with a new solution.


For detailed information about the legacy Flash tools and their replacements, see [Replacement of Flash-based tools in Adobe Workfront](replace-flash-tools.md).


### Various Single Sign-On Options to Be Removed {#various-single-sign-on-options-to-be-removed}

The following Single Sign-On (SSO) options are now supported only in a limited capacity; they will be removed from the product in the second half of 2019:



*  LDAP 


  For more information about using LDAP with Workfront, see [Configure Adobe Workfront with LDAP](configure-workfront-ldap.md).

*  Active Directory 


  For more information about using Active Directory with Workfront, see [Configure Adobe Workfront with Active Directory](configure-workfront-ad.md).

*  SAML 1.1 


  For more information about using SAML 1.1 with Workfront, see [Configure Adobe Workfront with SAML 1.1](configure-workfront-saml-1.1.md).



Following is the removal timeline for these SSO options:



*  Limited support: August 2018 - January 2019 


  Major issues submitted during this time will be fixed; low severity issues will not be addressed.

*  Deprecation: January 2019 - August 2019 


  Not supported.

* No longer available in Workfront: August 2019




## Webinars {#webinars}



### Workfront Product Roadmap Webinar Q2 2019 {#workfront-product-roadmap-webinar-q}

The Q2 2019 Product Roadmap Webinar was presented Thursday, May 23, 2019. 


Join the Workfront product management team to learn more about our product vision, the 2019 roadmap, and how to get involved.


To view the webinar recording, see [Q2 2019 Product Roadmap Webinar](https://webinars.on24.com/workfront/q2roadmap?partnerref=Product).


### Workfront Product Roadmap Webinar - Q1 2019 {#workfront-product-roadmap-webinar-q-1}

The Q1 2019 Product Roadmap Webinar was presented by the Workfront Product Team.


To view the webinar recording, see .
