---
content-type: release-notes
navigation-topic: 2019-1-release-activity
title: 2019.1 Project enhancements
description: This page describes all project enhancements included with the 2019.1 release. The functionality is currently available in the Preview environment. It will be made available in the Production environment in the .
author: Luke
feature: Product Announcements
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
exl-id: 7b39082a-ab96-4e54-8f28-96629760715a
---
# 2019.1 Project enhancements

This page describes all project enhancements included with the 2019.1 release. The functionality is currently available in the Preview environment. It will be made available in the Production environment in the .

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>Functionality described on this page is subject to change prior to availability in the Production environment.

For a list of all changes made in 2019.1, see "2019.1 Release Activity Overview."

**For administrators**

* [Restore Templates from the Recycle Bin](#restore-templates-from-the-recycle-bin) 
* [Show Timestamps for Date Fields in Home](#show-timestamps-for-date-fields-in-home) 
* [All Duration Types Available under Project Preferences](#all-duration-types-available-under-project-preferences)

**For all users**

* [Agile Improvements](#agile-improvements) 
* [Add Tasks and Issues from a List to an Iteration](#add-tasks-and-issues-from-a-list-to-an-iteration) 
* [New Paper Sizes for Gantt Chart Export](#new-paper-sizes-for-gantt-chart-export) 
* [Removed Access to Dialog Boxes in the Gantt Chart While in Edit Mode](#removed-access-to-dialog-boxes-in-the-gantt-chart-while-in-edit-mode) 
* [View Task Information in the Project List Gantt Chart in a Program or Portfolio](#view-task-information-in-the-project-list-gantt-chart-in-a-program-or-portfolio) 
* [Access the Task List Gantt Chart on Templates](#access-the-task-list-gantt-chart-on-templates) 
* [Renamed the Project View on the Gantt Chart](#renamed-the-project-view-on-the-gantt-chart) 
* [What-If Scenarios in the Task List Gantt Chart](#what-if-scenarios-in-the-task-list-gantt-chart) 
* [Task List Improvements](#task-list-improvements) 
* [Display Lists in Full Screen](#display-lists-in-full-screen) 
* [New Lists in Additional Areas](#new-lists-in-additional-areas) 
* [Send a Delivered Report in XLSX Format](#send-a-delivered-report-in-xlsx-format) 
* [Export Audit Logs](#export-audit-logs)

## Restore Templates from the Recycle Bin {#restore-templates-from-the-recycle-bin}

Workfront administrators can now restore templates from the Recycle Bin. As with other deleted items, you can restore a template up to 30 days from the time it was deleted.

For more information, see "Restoring Deleted Items."

## Show Timestamps for Date Fields in Home {#show-timestamps-for-date-fields-in-home}

As a Workfront administrator, you can now choose to show or hide timestamps for due dates in the Work List and Calendar using Layout Templates. By default, timestamps are visible for both template and non-template users.

For more information, see "Customizing the Home Area" in the article "Creating and Managing Layout Templates."

## All Duration Types Available under Project Preferences {#all-duration-types-available-under-project-preferences}

When setting the default task and issue duration type in Setup > Project Preferences, you can use any of the following options:

Simple

Effort Driven

Calculated Assignment

Calculated work

Previously, if you set either Simple or Effort Driven as the default duration type, you could not choose Calculated Assignment and Calculated Work.

For more information on setting task and issue duration type defaults, see "Tasks and Issues Preferences"

## Agile Improvements {#agile-improvements}

The following improvements are now available in the Agile tool:

Kanban

Add tasks and issues to a Kanban board from any task list or report.

Previously, you could add tasks to the Kanban board from the backlog only. You could not add issues.

Filter the Kanban board by individual users on the team.

For more information, see "Using the Kanban Board."

View and manage issues on the Kanban Backlog.

For more information, see "Using the Kanban Board.

Previously, you could not add or manage issues on a Kanban board.

Scrum

Filter the iteration story board by individual users on the team.

For more information, see "Using the Scrum Agile Story Board."

Previously, you could not filter by user on the Kanban or scrum boards.

## Add Tasks and Issues from a List to an Iteration {#add-tasks-and-issues-from-a-list-to-an-iteration}

You can now use a task or issue list, a report, or a dashboard to add stories to an iteration. You can also have multiple teams assigned stories in one iteration.

Previously, you could add a story to an iteration only from the task or issues details page, and you could add stories only to iterations created by your team.

For more information, see "Creating and Managing Agile Iterations."

## Send a Delivered Report in XLSX Format {#send-a-delivered-report-in-xlsx-format}

You can now schedule a report to be delivered in MS Excel (.xlsx) format, in addition to all the other current formats.

Previously, you could deliver a report in only the following formats:

HTML

PDF

MS Excel (.xls)

TSV

For information about scheduling reports for delivery, see "Setting Up Report Deliveries."

## Task List Improvements {#task-list-improvements}

[update 18.3 Beta 4 where this was removed from]

The newly redesigned task lists have been re-enabled, after a brief removal during the 18.3 beta 4 release. We have also introduced the following additional features to the task lists which were not part of the original release:

Replacing the right-click menu with a More icon when inline editing one task.

The options that were available in the right-click menu when inline editing several tasks have now been moved to the icons displayed at the top of the task list.

By default, tasks lists display 2000 tasks.

When Workfront recalculates timelines, the question marks adjacent to the tasks whose dates are being updated have been replaced with gray areas.

For information about editing tasks inline, see "Copying and Duplicating Tasks" and "Creating Predecessor Relationships by Chaining Tasks."

For information about recalculating project timelines, see "Recalculating Timelines for Projects."

## Display Lists in Full Screen {#display-lists-in-full-screen}

When a list of projects or tasks is larger than the size of your screen, the list now automatically displays in the entire browser window as you scroll. This increases the amount of information you see at one time and allows you to make lists easier to manage.

You can display the following lists in full screen:

A list of projects in the following tabs and subtabs:

Projects I'm On

Projects I Own

All Projects

Projects tab in a Portfolio

Projects tab in a Program

A list of tasks in the following tabs:

Tasks tab in a Project

Subtasks tab in a Task

For information about displaying objects in lists, see "Viewing Items in a List."

## New Lists in Additional Areas {#new-lists-in-additional-areas}

We have enhanced the performance and improved the look and feel of the project and task lists in the following areas:

Portfolio and Programs tabs in the Projects area

Subtasks tab at the task level

Prior to this enhancement, the new lists were available only in the following areas:

Projects tab in the Projects area

Tasks tab at the Project level

For information about displaying objects in lists, see "Viewing Items in a List."

## View Task Information in the Project List Gantt Chart in a Program or Portfolio {#view-task-information-in-the-project-list-gantt-chart-in-a-program-or-portfolio}

You can now view information about a project's tasks in the Project List Gantt Chart within a Program or Portfolio.

Previously, you could view information about tasks only in the Project List Gantt Chart on the Projects tab.

For more information, see "Viewing Information in the Gantt Chart."

## What-If Scenarios in the Task List Gantt Chart {#what-if-scenarios-in-the-task-list-gantt-chart}

You can now perform the following actions on the tasks in a project when they display in the edit mode of the Gantt chart:

Add tasks

Remove tasks

Inline edit tasks

Duplicate Tasks

Rearrange Tasks

Modify Subtasks

Although you can see how your changes affect the timeline of the project, they do not save immediately. You can save them to permanently update the project timeline, or you can cancel them.

Previously, you could not preview task list changes in the Gantt chart.

For information about editing tasks in the Gantt Chart, see "Updating Information in the Task List Gantt Chart."

## Access the Task List Gantt Chart on Templates {#access-the-task-list-gantt-chart-on-templates}

You can now access the Task List Gantt Chart within a project template.

Previously, you could not view the Gantt chart on the task list within a template.

For more information, see "Getting Started with the Gantt Chart."

## New Paper Sizes for Gantt Chart Export {#new-paper-sizes-for-gantt-chart-export}

You can now print the Gantt chart on A1 and A2 paper sizes.

Previously, you could export only to Letter, Legal, Ledger, A3 (available only for some languages), and A4.

For more information, see "Exporting the Gantt Chart to PDF."

## Renamed the Project View on the Gantt Chart {#renamed-the-project-view-on-the-gantt-chart}

We renamed the "Project" view option on the Gantt chart to "Fit All." The view option still works as it did previously. The new name is meant to be more descriptive as to what you view when the option is selected.

For more information, see "Viewing Information in the Gantt Chart."

## Removed Access to Dialog Boxes in the Gantt Chart While in Edit Mode {#removed-access-to-dialog-boxes-in-the-gantt-chart-while-in-edit-mode}

You can no longer access the Advanced Assignments dialog box while the Gantt chart is in edit mode. You can make only inline edits while the Task list Gantt Chart is in edit mode.

Previously, you could access the Advanced Assignments dialog box while the Gantt chart was in edit mode, but it saved the changes made in the Gantt chart and closed edit mode.

For more information on editing the Task List Gantt Chart, see "Updating information in the Task List Gantt Chart."

## Export Audit Logs {#export-audit-logs}

You can now export audit log entries to a CSV file. You can export up to 50,000 audit log entries to a CSV file at one time.

For more information, see "Managing Audit Logs."
